Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited take no responsibility
for the contents of this announcement, make no representation as to its accuracy or completeness and expressly
disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from or in reliance upon the whole or any part of the
contents of this announcement.




         (a joint stock limited company incorporated in the People ’s Republic of China with limited liability)
                                               (Stock Code: 01088)

                    PROPOSED APPOINTMENTS OF INDEPENDENT
                          NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

 In accordance with the articles of association of the Company, the Company Law and applicable
 laws and regulations, the Board proposes to appoint Mr. Yih, Dieter Lai Tak and Ms. Zhang
 Mengjiao as independent non-executive directors of the sixth session of the Board of the
 Company. The above proposed appointments of directors are subject to the approval of the
 shareholders of the Company by way of ordinary resolutions at the general meeting of the
 Company. Dr. Yuen Kwok Keung and Dr. Chen Hanwen, the incumbent independent non-
 executive directors, will cease to serve as independent non-executive directors of the Company
 from the date on which Mr. Yih, Dieter Lai Tak and Ms. Zhang Mengjiao are elected as
 independent non-executive directors of the sixth session of the Board of the Company at the
 general meeting of the Company.

 A circular containing, among other things, details of the above proposed appointments of
 independent non-executive directors and a notice of the general meeting will be despatched to
 the shareholders of the Company as soon as practicable.

PROPOSED APPOINTMENTS OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

In accordance with the articles of association of China Shenhua Energy Company Limited (the
“Company”), the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China (the “Company Law”) and
applicable laws and regulations, the board of directors (the “Board”) of the Company proposes to
appoint Mr. Yih, Dieter Lai Tak and Ms. Zhang Mengjiao as independent non-executive directors
of the sixth session of the Board of the Company for a term commencing from the date of approval
by the general meeting of the Company untill the expiry of the tenure of the sixth session of the
Board.

Dr. Yuen Kwok Keung and Dr. Chen Hanwen, the incumbent independent non-executive directors,
will cease to serve as independent non-executive directors of the Company from the date on
which Mr. Yih, Dieter Lai Tak and Ms. Zhang Mengjiao are elected as independent non-executive
directors of the sixth session of the Board of the Company at the general meeting of the Company.
Each of Dr. Yuen Kwok Keung and Dr. Chen Hanwen confirmed that there was no disagreement
between him and the Board, and there were no other matters relating to his retirement that needed
to be brought to the attention of the shareholders and creditors of the Company in connection with
his cessation of service. The Board and each of Dr. Yuen Kwok Keung and Dr. Chen Hanwen
confirmed that there was no matter relating to their retirement that may affect the operation of the
Company and its subsidiaries as a result of their cessation of service.
                                                           1
BACKGROUND OF DIRECTOR CANDIDATES

Mr. Yih, Dieter Lai Tak

Yih, Dieter Lai Tak (“Mr. Yih”), male, born in March 1963, aged 63, Chinese, a Justice of the
Peace appointed by the Hong Kong Government. Mr. Yih received an honorary Bachelor of Laws
degree from King’s College London in 1985. Mr. Yih has extensive legal experience, and he is a
Fellow of King’s College London and an Honorary Fellow of The Education University of Hong
Kong.

Mr. Yih is currently a partner of the Hong Kong law firm Kwok Yih & Chan and a member of
the Guangdong Province Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference.
Mr. Yih has served as an independent non-executive director of Sun Art Retail Group Limited (a
company listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, stock code: 06808) since December
2019, a non-executive director of eMPF Platform Company Limited since March 2021, an
independent non-executive director of China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited (a company listed
on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, stock code: 02319) since December 2021, and a
non-executive director of the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong since November
2021. Mr. Yih is currently a member and the chairman of the Quality Education Fund Steering
Committee of Hong Kong; a member of the University Grants Committee of the Hong Kong
Special Administrative Region; a member and the chairman of the Quality Assurance Council of
the University Grants Committee, and an arbitrator of the South China International Economic and
Trade Arbitration Commission.

Mr. Yih had served as a partner of Milbank (Hong Kong) (香港美邦律師事務所), a partner of
Mallesons (Hong Kong) (香港萬盛律師事務所), a partner of Kwok & Yih (Hong Kong) (香港
郭葉律師事務所), a council member, vice-president and president of The Law Society of Hong
Kong, a member of the Standing Committee on Legal Education and Training of Hong Kong, a
member and deputy chairman of the council of The Education University of Hong Kong, convenor
of Investigation Panel A of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (HKICPA),
a member of the Regulatory Oversight Board (監管監督委員會) of the HKICPA, a member of
the Listing Committee of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited, a member of the Banking
Review Tribunal of Hong Kong, a member of The Standing Committee on Judicial Salaries and
Conditions of Service of Hong Kong, a member of the Education Commission of Hong Kong, and
the chairman of the board of the Financial Dispute Resolution Centre of Hong Kong.

Save as disclosed above, Mr. Yih has not held any directorship in any listed companies in the past
three years.

Save as disclosed above, Mr. Yih has no relationship with any directors, members of the senior
management or substantial or controlling shareholders of the Company. As at the date of this
announcement, Mr. Yih does not have any interest in the shares of the Company within the
meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance.

Mr. Yih has confirmed (i) his independence as regards to each of the factors referred to in Rule
3.13(1) to (8) of the Hong Kong Listing Rules; (ii) that he does not have any past or present
financial or other interests in the businesses of the Company or its subsidiaries or any connection
with any core connected persons (as defined under the Hong Kong Listing Rules) of the Company;
and (iii) that there are no other factors that may affect his independence at the time of his
appointment.


                                                2
Upon approval of Mr. Yih’s appointment by the shareholders of the Company, Mr. Yih will enter
into a service contract with the Company for a term commencing from the date of appointment
untill the expiry of the tenure of the sixth session of the Board of the Company. Pursuant to the
articles of association of the Company, Mr. Yih will be elected at the general meeting of the
Company and may be re-elected and re-appointed at the general meeting of the Company.

Mr. Yih’s annual remuneration package will not be fixed in the service contract and will be
determined by shareholders at a general meeting of the Company pursuant to the articles of
association of the Company and with reference to recommendations of the Remuneration and
Assessment Committee of the Board in accordance with its terms of reference, taking into account,
among other matters, his duties and responsibilities.

Save as disclosed above, there is no other information required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule
13.51(2) of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, and the Company is not aware of any other matters that
need to be brought to the attention of shareholders of the Company.

Ms. Zhang Mengjiao

Zhang Mengjiao (“Ms. Zhang”), female, born in February 1964, aged 62, Chinese, a member
of the Communist Party and a senior accountant. Ms. Zhang graduated from the Accounting
Department of Xiamen University in 1991 and obtained a master’s degree in accounting. Ms.
Zhang has extensive professional experience in auditing and finance.

Ms. Zhang served as the deputy chief accountant of Huaneng International Power Development
Corporation from June 2018 to February 2019, and the manager of the finance department of
Huaneng International Power Development Corporation from August 2008 to June 2018. She
served as the deputy manager of the finance department of Huaneng Power International, Inc. (a
company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 600011.SH) and The Stock Exchange
of Hong Kong Limited (stock code: 0902.HK)) from December 2002 to August 2008.

Prior to the foregoing, Ms. Zhang served as the deputy director and director of division II of the
audit office, and the director of the treasury division and director of the auditing division of the
finance department of China Huaneng Group Co., Ltd.

Save as disclosed above, Ms. Zhang has not held any directorship in any listed companies in the
past three years.

Save as disclosed above, Ms. Zhang has no relationship with any directors, members of the senior
management or substantial or controlling shareholders of the Company. As at the date of this
announcement, Ms. Zhang does not have any interest in the shares of the Company within the
meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance.

Ms. Zhang has confirmed (i) her independence as regards to each of the factors referred to in Rule
3.13(1) to (8) of the Hong Kong Listing Rules; (ii) that she does not have any past or present
financial or other interests in the businesses of the Company or its subsidiaries or any connection
with any core connected persons (as defined under the Hong Kong Listing Rules) of the Company;
and (iii) that there are no other factors that may affect her independence at the time of her
appointment.




                                                 3
Upon approval of Ms. Zhang’s appointment by the shareholders of the Company, Ms. Zhang
will enter into a service contract with the Company for a term commencing from the date of
appointment untill the expiry of the tenure of the sixth session of the Board of the Company.
Pursuant to the articles of association of the Company, Ms. Zhang will be elected at the general
meeting of the Company and may be re-elected and re-appointed at the general meeting of the
Company.

Ms. Zhang’s annual remuneration package will not be fixed in the service contract and will be
determined by shareholders at a general meeting of the Company pursuant to the articles of
association of the Company and with reference to recommendations of the Remuneration and
Assessment Committee of the Board in accordance with its terms of reference, taking into account,
among other matters, her duties and responsibilities.

Save as disclosed above, there is no other information required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule
13.51(2) of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, and the Company is not aware of any other matters that
need to be brought to the attention of shareholders of the Company.

GENERAL

The proposed appointments of directors are subject to the approval of the shareholders of the
Company by way of ordinary resolutions at the general meeting of the Company. A circular
containing, among other things, details of the above proposed appointments and a notice of the
general meeting will be despatched to the shareholders of the Company as soon as practicable.

                                                      By order of the Board
                                          China Shenhua Energy Company Limited
                                                         Song Jinggang
                                 Chief Financial Officer and Secretary to the Board of Directors

Beijing, 23 July 2026

As at the date of this announcement, the Board comprises the following: Mr. Zhang Changyan as
executive director, Mr. Kang Fengwei and Mr. Li Xinhua as non-executive directors, Dr. Yuen
Kwok Keung, Dr. Chen Hanwen and Mr. Wang Hong as independent non-executive directors, and
Ms. Jiao Lei as employee director.




                                               4
