Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited take no responsibility
for the contents of this announcement, make no representation as to its accuracy or completeness and expressly
disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from or in reliance upon the whole or any part of the
contents of this announcement.




         (a joint stock limited company incorporated in the People ’s Republic of China with limited liability)
                                               (Stock Code: 01088)

                VOLUNTARY ANNOUNCEMENT
2026 CORPORATE VALUE AND RETURN ENHANCEMENT ACTION PLAN

This announcement is made by China Shenhua Energy Company Limited (the “Company” or
“China Shenhua”) on a voluntary basis.

In order to fully implement the requirements under the “Opinions on Further Improving the Quality
of Listed Companies ” 《關於進一步提高上市公司質量的意見》
                         (                                       ) and the “ Several Opinions on
Strengthening Regulation, Forestalling Risks and Promoting the High-Quality Development of the
Capital Market ” 《關於加強監管防範風險推動資本市場高質量發展的若干意見》
                    (                                                                ) of the State
Council, and actively respond to the “Initiative on Carrying Out the ‘Corporate Value and Return
Enhancement’ Special Action for Listed Companies on the Shanghai Stock Exchange” 《關於開      (
展滬市公司 “ 提質增效重回報 ” 專項行動倡議》                      ) of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Company
has formulated the 2026 Corporate Value and Return Enhancement Action Plan, so as to promote
the further deepening of the Company’s reform and enhancement of its quality and efficiency,
focus on advancing value creation initiative through a dual-wheel drive approach of improving the
quality of existing assets while optimising incremental growth opportunities, thereby effectively
strengthening its industry leadership, market competitiveness and the sense of gain of investors.

I.    BUSINESS GOALS FOR 2026

      In 2026, the Company will anchor its efforts on its goal of building an innovative world-class
      energy listed company, firmly uphold an investor-oriented philosophy, and vigorously
      advance key priorities, namely core operations enhancement, green development expansion
      and carbon emission reduction, innovation-driven growth, capital operation optimisation, and
      corporate governance enhancement, striving to improve the quality and investment value of
      the Company, and ensuring the implementation of its annual business targets and shareholder
      return plans.

      Major business targets of the Company for 2026: commercial coal production of 330.2
      million tonnes, coal sales of 434.9 million tonnes and gross power generation of 223.7 billion
      kWh. The planned capital expenditure will amount to RMB38.023 billion.




                                                           1
II.   KEY OPERATIONAL MEASURES

      (1)   Solidifying Our Responsibilities on Ensuring Energy Supply, Improving the
            efficiency of Production and Operation

            The Company will strengthen the continuity of coal production and system collaboration
            to ensure reliable and stable supply of electricity and heat, release the efficiency of
            capacity expansion and transformation of the transportation system, and improve the
            supply capacity of high-quality products and services. It will advance the construction
            of key projects such as Xinjie No. 1 Mine and Xinjie No. 2 Mine, Cangdong Power
            Plant Phase III and Huanghua Port Phase V. It will complete the acquisition of equity
            interests in 12 core enterprises of its controlling shareholder, China Energy Investment
            Corporation Co., Ltd. (“China Energy”), and facilitate the business and management
            integration, so as to consolidate its core competitiveness in integrated operations.

      (2)   Continuously Deepening Benchmarking Efforts, Exploiting Internal Potential for
            Cost Reduction

            In alignment with its industrial layout and business development goals, the Company
            will strengthen the tracking and analysis of key operating indicators. It will continue to
            deepen benchmarking efforts, further control production and operating costs, improve
            asset utilisation efficiency, and achieve industry-leading levels. It will explore the
            broadening of its financing channels through diversified market financing instruments
            to safeguard the capital needs for its production and operations. The Company will
            also continue to carry out internal fund circulation in a steady and prudent manner,
            consistently enhancing capital utilisation efficiency and effectively reducing financing
            costs.

      (3)   Strengthening Technological Innovation Leadership, Developing New Quality
            Productive Forces

            The Company will diligently perform the formulation and implementation of the 15th
            Five-Year Plan, promote the deep integration of technology and industry, and position
            itself in new tracks of new quality productive forces. It will perform the construction
            of major technological special projects, overcome key technological bottlenecks in
            the transformation of its principal business, improve green and intelligent coal mining
            technologies, and facilitate the clean and low-carbon development of traditional energy
            industries. The Company will research, explore and make forward looking plans for
            strategic emerging industries, promote “AI+” integrated innovation and accelerate the
            cultivation of new quality productive forces in the energy sector.




                                                  2
(4)   Putting Greater Efforts in Capital Operation, Leveraging on Listed Platform
      Capabilities

      The Company completed the transaction of acquiring equity interests in 12 core
      enterprises of China Energy and the supporting financing as planned, establishing a
      benchmark case for asset acquisition through the issuance of A shares. Focusing on the
      integrated industrial chain and strategic emerging industries, it will further optimise
      its industrial layout through property rights transactions, mergers and acquisitions, and
      restructuring at appropriate opportunities, so as to enhance the sustainable development
      capabilities and investment value of the Company, and better attract “long-term capital”
      and “patient capital”.

(5)   Refining Governance Systems and Mechanisms, Fortifying the Foundation for
      Standardised Operations

      The Company will fully implement the “Code of Corporate Governance for Listed
      Companies ” newly amended by the CSRC, refine the responsibilities of the “ key
      minority” in the internal governance mechanism, and improve the incentive and restraint
      mechanism. It will standardize the structure and operating mechanism of the board of
      directors, and implement the evaluation system for the board of directors. The Company
      will conduct research on the working mechanism of the Audit and Risk Committee,
      and advance the subsequent reforms of the Supervisory Committee. The Company will
      deepen the construction of the ESG governance system, carry out special actions to
      standardize information disclosure and improve ratings, and consolidate the compliance
      foundation for its high-quality development.

(6)   Adhering to Actively Offering Returns for Shareholders, Optimizing Market
      Capitalisation Management System

      Adhering to a philosophy of stable and sustainable shareholder returns, the Company
      will strictly implement its “ 2025-2027 Shareholder Return Plan ” , and formulate
      reasonable profit distribution plans so as to share the fruits of the Company ’ s
      development with investors. It will enhance and efficiently operate the “11257” market
      capitalisation management system. Guided by the market capitalisation management
      philosophy of “governance, trust, sincerity and win-win”, the Company will focus on
      the two aspects of “value creation and value delivery ”, strengthen five safeguards,
      namely “ improving and perfecting corporate governance, strengthening the leading
      role of Party building, establishing efficient working mechanisms, building intelligent
      working platforms, and strengthening compliance and risk management”, and advance
      seven key areas of work of “strategic planning, business operations, capital operations,
      information disclosure, investor relations, brand empowerment, and public opinion
      control”, striving to achieve the Company’s goal of “promoting the unity of intrinsic
      value and market value”.




                                            3
     (7)   Adhering to Market-Oriented Approach, Maintaining Effective Communication
           with Investors

           The Company will build a “professional + compliant” information disclosure system,
           adhere to the baseline of legal and regulatory compliance, deeply understand investor
           demands, dynamically adjust the content and form of information disclosure, and further
           improve the quality of information disclosure. It will optimize the “digital intelligence
           + synergy ” investor relations work system, and conduct high-quality performance
           briefings, roadshows and reverse roadshows, reasonably guide market expectations, and
           effectively protect the interests of investors.

The Company will continue to evaluate and regularly disclose the implementation of the
action plan in accordance with regulatory requirements. The 2026 Corporate Value and Return
Enhancement Action Plan of the Company does not constitute a substantive commitment to
investors, and may be adjusted based on policies, environment and market conditions. Investors are
advised to make decisions in a prudent manner and be aware of risk exposures.

                                                       By order of the Board
                                           China Shenhua Energy Company Limited
                                                          Song Jinggang
                                  Chief Financial Officer and Secretary to the Board of Directors

Beijing, 30 March 2026

As at the date of this announcement, the Board comprises the following: Mr. Zhang Changyan as
executive director, Mr. Kang Fengwei and Mr. Li Xinhua as non-executive directors, Dr. Yuen
Kwok Keung, Dr. Chen Hanwen and Mr. Wang Hong as independent non-executive directors, and
Ms. Jiao Lei as employee director.




                                                 4
