                                                                                                     75S
                                                                                                               YS T
                                                                                                                             EM
                                                                                                                                    IN
                                                                                                                                            TE
                                                                                                                                                      GR
                                                                                                                                                           AT
                                                                                                                        51                                    I   O
                                                                                                                                                                      N
                                                                                                                                  HO
                                                                                                                                          ST




                                                                                                                                                                           PR
                                                                                                                                                      AI




                                                                                                                                                                            O
                                                                                                                                                                                JE
                                                                                                                                                                      W
                                                                                                                                                          R




                                                                                                                                                                                  CT
                                                                                                                                                           LI

                                                                                                                                                                       OR
                                                                                                                                                               NE



                                                                                                                                                                                    S
                                                                                                  15




                                                                                                                                                                                      ON
                                                                                                                                                                             LD
                                                                                                          5




                                                                                                                                                                  S
                                                                                                                                  2
                                                                                                              SY




                                                                                                                                       6




                                                                                                                                                                                  ’S
                                                                                                                S




                                                                                                                                                                                          NE
                                                                                                                                             0
                                                                                                                                                  DO




                                                                                                                                                                                  TO
                                                                                                                     TE




                                                                                                                                                                                                 WA
                                                                                                                             M



                                                                                                                                                          ME




                                                                                                                                                                                     P


                                                                                                                                                                                                                      WO R
                                                                                                                             IN




                                                                                                                                                                                                         IRPO
                                                                                                                                                                                       3 LAR
                                                                                                                                                           ST I
                                                                                                                                 TE
                                                                                                          1



                                                                                                                                  GRA



                                                                                                                                                               C AIR
                                                                                                          82




                                                                                                                                                                                                               RT S

                                                                                                                                                                                                                      L D ’ S L A R G E ST B
                                                                                                                                                                                       G E S T AV I AT I O N
                                                                                                                                     TION PROJECT
                                                                                                              OV E R S E A




                                                                                                                                                                P O RT S
                                                                                                                                                                           OV E
                                                                                                           AIR




                                                                                                                                                                  R 4
                                                                                                          PO



                                                                                                                                                  S
                                                                                                     RT




                                                                                                                             UN




                                                                                                                                                                                      PR
                                                                                                 S




                                                                                                                                                                      00
                                                                                                                                D




                                                                                                                                                                                                                      S
                                                                                                                                                                                  OC
                                                                                                                         ER




                                                                                                                                                                                                               PD
                                                                                                                                                               LIN
                                                                                                              CO




                                                                                                                                                                                  S  E
                                                                                                NS




                                                                                                                                                                                                                  AT E
                                                                                                                                                           K



                                                                                                                                                                                SIN
                                                                                                  TR




                                                                                                                                                          ED
                                                                                                    UCT
                                                                                          ION




                                                                                                                                                                                                               P
                                                                                                                                                                             G
                                                                                                                                                AI




                                                                                                                                                                                               RO
                                                                                                                                            R




                                                                                                                                                                           S
                                                                                                                                       LI




                                                                                                                                                                      YS
                                                                                                                                 NE




                                                                                                                                                                                                  C
                                                                                                                                                                         T



                                                                                                                                                                                       ES
                                                                                                                             S




                                                                                                                                                                EM



                                                                                                                                                                                    SI
                         C147690                                                                                                                          FO




                                                                                                                                                                                  G    N
                                                                                                                                                      R
                                                                                                                                             8




                                                                                                                                                                                C
                                                                                                                                  CO                                       EN
Tel:        (8610) 5765 0696                                                                                                 NS                                       TE
                                                                     Annual Report 2024




                                                                                                                  EC                                              R
Fax:        (8610) 5765 0695
                                                                                                          UT I
                                                                                                 VE YE
                                                                                          A RS
Email:      ir@travelsky.com.cn    (Contact details for investors)

Address:    TravelSky High-Tech Industrial Park, Houshayu Town,
            Shunyi District, Beijing, PRC
Postal Code: 101318
                                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                   2024
Website:    www.travelskyir.com
CORPORATE PROFILE
TravelSky Technology Limited (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the
“Group”) is the dominant provider of information technology solutions for China’s aviation
and travel industry. The Group has been devoted to developing leading products and
services that satisfy the needs of all the industry participants — ranging from commercial
airlines, airports, air travel products and services suppliers to travel agencies, corporate clients,
travelers and cargo shippers — to conduct electronic transactions and manage travel- related
information. The core business of the Company includes aviation information technology service,
accounting, settlement and clearing service for aviation industry, airport information technology
service, distribution information technology service, etc.

The Company was incorporated in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC” or “China”) on October 18,
2000, and was listed on the main board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock
Exchange”) (stock code: 00696) on February 7, 2001. On December 27, 2002, the American depositary
shares under the Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt Programme established by the
Company commenced trading on the U.S. over-the-counter market (OTC). Since 2015, the H shares of
the Company have been added to the lists of MSCI Emerging Markets Index, Hang Seng Composite
LargeCap & MidCap Index, Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect and Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock
Connect, etc.

As of December 31, 2024, the largest shareholder of the Company is China TravelSky Holding Company
Limited, which holds approximately 29.55% of the equity interest in the Company. A total of
approximately 38.58% of the equity interest in the Company is held by 14 domestic shareholders,
including China National Aviation Holding Company Limited, China Mobile Capital Holding Co., Ltd.,
China Southern Air Holding Company Limited and China Eastern Air Holding Company Limited. The
remaining 31.87% of the equity interest in the Company is held by holders of its H shares.

As of December 31, 2024, the Company has over 20 domestic subsidiaries in China, including
Accounting Centre of China Aviation Limited Company (“ACCA”), Cares Shenzhen Co., Ltd.,
Civil Aviation Cares of Qingdao Ltd., etc. The Company has overseas wholly-owned
subsidiaries in many regions and countries, including Hong Kong, Singapore, Ireland,
etc., and holds equity interests in over 10 associates, including Shanghai Civil Aviation
East China Cares System Integration Co., Ltd., Aviation Cares of Southwest
Chengdu, Ltd., TravelSky Mobile Technology Limited, etc.

The Group had 6,722 employees as of December 31, 2024.
   CONTENTS
Corporate Profile
Financial Highlights                                        2
Statement of the Board                                      3
Business Review                                             6
Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial
  Conditions and Results of Operations                     12
Corporate Governance Report                                23
Report of Directors                                        46
Report of Supervisory Committee                            66
Auditors’ Report                                           68
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position and
  Statement of Financial Position of the Parent Company    74
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
  Other Comprehensive Income and Statement of
  Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
  of the Parent Company                                    79
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows and Statement
  of Cash Flows of the Parent Company                      83
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders’
  Equity and Statement of Changes in Shareholders’
  Equity of the Parent Company                             88
Notes to Financial Statements                              92
Biographies of Directors, Supervisors, Senior
  Management and Company Secretary                        258
Corporate Information                                     265
TravelSky Technology Limited




FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS


FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024
From its listing on the Stock Exchange in 2001 to the Year 2019, as required by domestic and overseas
regulatory rules, the Company has engaged PRC auditor and international auditor each year to prepare
audited financial statements in accordance with China Accounting Standards for Business Enterprise
(“CASBE”) and the International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”), respectively.

As stated in the announcements dated December 29, 2020 and February 26, 2021, and the circular dated
January 8, 2021 of the Company, according to the “Consultation Conclusions on Acceptance of Mainland
Accounting and Auditing Standards and Mainland Audit Firms for Mainland Incorporated Companies Listed in
Hong Kong” published by the Stock Exchange in December 2010, in order to improve the efficiency and
reduce the cost of disclosure, as considered and approved by the board of directors (the “Board”) and the
general meeting of the Company, the Company would no longer prepare its results according to IFRSs since
the Year 2020 and the Board of the Company would present audited financial statements prepared according
to CASBE since 2020 annual report.

Note:   The information in the following table is derived from the audited financial statements prepared according to CASBE.


                                                             For the year ended December 31 (CASBE)
                                                   2020             2021              2022             2023             2024
                                                RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000
 Operating revenue                              5,485,577        5,476,177        5,210,106        6,983,847        8,823,023
 Total profit                                     314,161          663,883          735,139        1,612,136        2,394,526
 Net profit attributable to
   shareholders of the parent                     362,800          551,301          627,052        1,398,952        2,074,273
 Earnings per share
   (basic and diluted) (RMB)                          0.12             0.19             0.21             0.48              0.71

Note:   Earnings per share were calculated on the basis of total number of shares in issue of the Company of 2,926,209,589 shares
        as at December 31, 2024.


                                                                    As at December 31 (CASBE)
                                                   2020             2021              2022             2023             2024
                                                RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000
 Total assets                                 22,769,276       24,111,139        25,237,623       27,500,129       29,694,646
 Total liabilities                             4,001,118        4,881,056         5,495,393        6,481,535        6,797,660
 Total equity                                 18,768,158       19,230,083        19,742,230       21,018,594       22,896,986




2
                                                                                          Annual Report 2024




                                                       STATEMENT OF THE BOARD




                                                Huang Rongshun
                                                Chairman, Executive Director, General Manager




The year of 2024 marked the 75th anniversary of the establishment of the People’s Republic of China and
stood as a critical year for the implementation of the key missions of the “14th Five-Year Plan,” during which
the economy in China maintained stable growth and continued to improve, while high-quality development
progressed steadily, and the production scale of the civil aviation industry reached a record high once again.
The Group, as the dominant provider of information technology solutions for China’s aviation and travel
industry, had focused on strengthening its core capabilities and improving its core competitiveness. The
Group recorded total operating revenue for the year amounting to RMB8.82 billion, representing an increase
of 26.3% year-on-year; the net profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent amounted to RMB2.07
billion, representing an increase of 48.3% year-on-year; earnings per share amounted to RMB0.71,
representing an increase of 47.9% year-on-year; the proposed payment of final dividend for the year
amounted to RMB0.239 per share (tax inclusive).

In 2024, the Group laid a solid foundation for safe development, maintained stability and safety for 18
consecutive years, and secured civil aviation passenger information system during various events of
significance, such as the “Third Plenary Session of the 20th CPC Central Committee”, the “Forum on China-
Africa Cooperation”, and the “75th Anniversary of National Day”. In addition, the Group intensified sci-tech
innovation and was certified as a national high-tech enterprise for 24 consecutive years, and a key software
enterprise of the year for 18 consecutive years. We were granted 159 patents, including our first one
overseas. We were awarded 32 technological awards in various areas and completed 22 achievements of
scientific and technological transformation. Meanwhile, the Group improved the quality and efficiency of
market operations. The Airport Collaborative Decision-Making system ranked first in market share among
almost 40 airports with a passenger volume of over 10 million in China. The Civil Aviation Transfer
Passenger Platform covered over 95% of the 263 domestic airports. The airline direct sales platform became
the first intensive management solution in the world, which had also been rated by the China Air Transport



                                                                                                            3
TravelSky Technology Limited




STATEMENT OF THE BOARD




Association as an internationally leading platform. Moreover, the Group advanced the action to enhance its
reform and was named as one of the Central State-Owned Enterprises ESG Pioneer 100 Index for four
consecutive years, with a four-and-a-half-star rating for the first time.

2025 is the final year of the “14th Five-Year Plan” as well as the year during which the “15th Five-Year Plan”
will be drawn. The economy in China has a solid foundation, huge advantages, strong resilience and great
potential. The long-term positive support and fundamental trends have not changed. The civil aviation
transport market will maintain steady growth and the scale of investment will not decrease. As the digital
economy is booming and the low-altitude economy is progressing from building momentum to taking off,
coupled with the continuous emergence of the quality effect of the “Belt and Road Initiative” and the
increasing demand for international economic and trade cooperation, the Group has consequently found
significant development opportunities.

At the same time, the Group is going to face complex challenges. The uncertainties in the external
environment are multiplying. The pressure on the structural reform in China is becoming bigger. The
domestic information market competition in the civil aviation industry is fierce. The number of international
flights has not recovered to the level of 2019. The emerging businesses of the Company have not reached an
effective scale. As a response, the Group will focus on its main responsibilities, develop its core business
rapidly, and take the interests of all shareholders as its core. We will maintain our advantages and leading
position in our core business and strive for more scenarios and a larger share, while investing in the digital
economy, low-altitude economy, strategic emerging industries, and future industries, to actively create a
second growth curve for corporate development. We believe that, through unremitting efforts, we can push
the high-quality development of the Group to a higher level.




4
                                                                                          Annual Report 2024




                                                                                 STATEMENT OF THE BOARD




In 2025, the Group will continue to focus on the following four aspects: firstly, we will maintain the
partnership between ensuring safety and promoting development, strive to ensure the sustained stability of
safe production, continue to improve the level of independence and autonomy, and work to enhance
information security capabilities and data safety management level. Secondly, we will maintain the
partnership between emphasizing innovation and promoting transformation, continuously step up scientific
and technological research, continue to strengthen the role of scientific and technological innovation, and
speed up the transformation of scientific and technological achievements and the quality upgrade of strategic
emerging industries. Thirdly, we will maintain the partnership between stability for the present and benefits
for the future. We will continue to consolidate the leading position of the Company in the industry,
continuously improve the market coverage of smart civil aviation products, vigorously expand the emerging
digital businesses, and strive to realize the high-quality development of globalized operations. Fourthly, we
will maintain the partnership between focusing on specific key points and comprehensive plan. We will
complete the final stage of deepening and upgrading reform according to a high standard, implement the
layout of the “15th Five-Year Plan” at a high level, and continue to advance the key reform in a practical
manner.

Finally, on behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to extend my gratitude to all
shareholders, investors, customers, directors and supervisors for their long-term trust and support! My
thanks also go to all my colleagues in the Group for their innovation and hard work! In the new year, we will
move forward bravely and practically to provide higher-quality and more convenient services for users and
civil aviation passengers, and create greater value for shareholders and the society.




                                                                                                           5
TravelSky Technology Limited




BUSINESS REVIEW


2024 BUSINESS REVIEW
In 2024, the global economy experienced a slow recovery. The economy in China was generally stable while
making steady progress. The positive trend continued to take hold. The civil aviation transport market in
China has shifted from recovery to growth in volume and quality. The domestic passenger transport scale
exceeded the same period of 2019 and recorded a new high in history. International passenger flights
recovered to more than 80% of the same period in 2019, laying a strong foundation for the business
development of the Group. The Group seized the opportunities in the industry, and through strengthening our
core functions and enhancing our core competitiveness, certain progress has been made in the main
business sectors including aviation information technology services, accounting, settlement and clearing
services, distribution information technology services, airport information technology services, and other
information technology services.

Aviation Information Technology Services
The Group’s aviation information technology (“AIT”) services, which consist of a series of products and
solutions, are provided to 41 Chinese commercial airlines and over 400 foreign and regional commercial
airlines. The AIT services comprise electronic travel distribution (“ETD”) services (including inventory control
system (“ICS”) services and computer reservation system (“CRS”) services) and airport passenger processing
system (“APP”) services, as well as other extended information technology services related to the above core
businesses, including but not limited to product services to support aviation alliance, solutions for developing
e-ticket and e-commerce, data services to support decisions of commercial airlines as well as information
management system services to improve ground operational efficiency.

In 2024, the ETD system of the Group processed data of approximately 732.4 million passengers for domestic
and international commercial airlines, marking a year-on-year growth of about 18.1% compared to the same
period in 2023, in which the system processed about 18.1% year-on-year more data of passengers for
Chinese commercial airlines and about 17.7% year-on-year more data of passengers for foreign and regional
commercial airlines. The Group made concerted efforts to ensure the orderly resumption of international
routes, assisting 27 Chinese commercial airlines in resuming operations at 83 overseas airports. The number
of foreign and regional commercial airlines increased to 211 using the Group’s APP system services,
multi-host access services, and the self-developed Angel Cue platform access services, handling
approximately 9.6 million departing passengers at 48 airports. The Group’s self-developed Common Use
Self-Service (CUSS) system, compliant with the International Air Transport Association (“IATA”) standards,
was used at 241 major domestic and international airports, with online check-in services available at 358
domestic and international airports. Along with mobile and SMS check-in products, these systems collectively
processed data of approximately 466 million departing passengers.




6
                                                                                            Annual Report 2024




                                                                                             BUSINESS REVIEW




In 2024, the Group continued to enhance the aviation information technology and its extended services, with
an aim to fulfill the demand of commercial airlines for the information technology solutions on travel
convenience, auxiliary services, e-commerce and international services. The Group steadily promoted the
upgrades of retail solutions for commercial airlines. The Travel Retail Platform (TRP) for airlines supported
the customer-centered business model of commercial airlines and helped airlines manage “Aviation+”
products, having signed contracts with a cumulative total of 19 clients. As a corporate data middle platform,
Data Plus (ADA) providing airlines with services that integrate data security access, data integration mining,
and application scenario support into one. It has been deployed for 29 airlines, including Hainan Airlines,
Juneyao Air, and Sichuan Airlines, for their service governance and decision-making support. After the
completion of capability upgrade and promotion, agreements were entered into in relation to the Airlines
Total Operation Management System (ATOMS) with six airlines including Kunming Airlines, Jiangxi Air, and
Qingdao Airlines, while implementation at 20 key stations were completed, ensuring the digital management
for airlines and enhancing ground security and safety level.

Accounting, Settlement and Clearing Services
The Group provided accounting, settlement and clearing services, information system development and
support services and air travel financial services to commercial airlines and other aviation corporations
through Accounting Centre of China Aviation Company Limited (“ACCA”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
Group. As the downstream business of the Group’s principal activities in air travel service distribution and
sales, the above business strongly strengthened the industry chain for the Group’s information technology
business in the air transportation and travel industry. Apart from being the world’s largest service provider of
IATA Billing and Settlement Plan (BSP) Information Processing and Information Processing Software, ACCA is
also the leading provider of outsourced services and system products services in revenue management and
provider of new air travel finance in the civil aviation industry in China, its major customers including
domestic passenger and cargo airlines, overseas and regional commercial airlines, domestic airports,
government organizations and IATA.

In 2024, the Group consolidated and expanded the new market of the accounting, settlement and clearing
services, focusing on the application of new technologies. The third-generation passenger revenue
management platform that complies with the IATA New Distribution Capabilities (“NDC”) and ONE ORDER
standards was continuously upgraded and improved, while being put into operation for airlines such as
Shandong Airlines, Shenzhen Airlines, Colorful Guizhou Airlines, and China Express Airlines, etc., supporting
new business operation such as real-time settlement and order settlement. On the basis of the low-cost
airline passenger settlement solution successfully gained its first customer, Singapore-based Scoot,
achieving the goal of using one system to cover the revenue settlement business of the full-service airlines
and low-cost airlines under the same airline group. The new generation of industry funds clearing and
settlement platform based on the NDC model completed the first phase of independent development and
carried out platform operations to improve clearing efficiency and enhance fund security.

In 2024, there were approximately 1,263.9 million transactions processed with the Group’s accounting,
settlement and clearing system, representing a year-on-year increase of 24.2%. Revenue from agency
settlement for passengers, cargo and mail transport, miscellaneous fees, and international and domestic
clearing fees exceeded RMB66.38 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 39.7%.




                                                                                                              7
TravelSky Technology Limited




BUSINESS REVIEW




Distribution of Information Technology Services
In 2024, the Group continued to expand the market of distribution information technology service, with direct
links and high-level networking to all Global Distribution Systems (“GDSs”) around the world and 134 foreign
and regional commercial airlines, covering over 400 domestic and overseas cities. The distribution network
has reached 32 overseas countries and regions.

In 2024, the Group further enhanced its distribution capabilities, solidified distribution channels, continuously
upgraded business system, actively expanded into overseas markets, and strengthened the integration
capabilities for tourism resources. Moreover, we continued our enhancement in the construction of new retail
capabilities in aviation. We created the first centralized management solution globally for domestic airlines
through the Carrier Direct Platform (CDP), which was rated by the China Air Transport Association as an
internationally leading platform. We also created AggSky for foreign and regional airlines, where the platform
has come into operation in a total of 18 companies. We accelerated the digital transformation of the entire
process and industry chain of the distribution business, fully completing the implementation of the promotion
and operation of electronic itineraries for sales agents. Last but not least, we further enriched the
marketable products. On one hand, we continued to expand ancillary products, adding more than 10 new
marketable ancillary products during the year, including express security check, lounges, airport transfers,
luggage delivery, mileage privileges, and refund rights, etc. In total, we had established auxiliary cooperation
with 12 airlines. On the other hand, the expansion of business resources such as airport transfers, VIP
lounges and insurance was enhanced. Full coverage of non-aviation resource categories was in effect
realized.

Airport Information Technology Services
In 2024, the Group was devoted to the construction of airport informatization and the construction of a smart
airport comprehensive solution around different fields such as airport operation, digital twin, convenient
travel, passenger services, safety and security, and middle platform construction to contribute in the
transformation and upgrade of airports. We continued to consolidate the traditional departure front-end
system market and executed several large-scale airport expansion projects, including Lanzhou International
Airport Phase III, Zhuhai Airport T3, and Guangzhou International Airport T3. The departure front-end system
of the new-generation APP dominated China’s large and medium-sized airports and assisted commercial
airlines in providing various services for passengers, such as boarding, transiting and connecting, in 182
overseas or regional airports. The number of departure passengers receiving such services reached
approximately 42 million, accounting for approximately 96.2% of the number of passengers returning from
overseas of such commercial airlines in China.




8
                                                                                            Annual Report 2024




                                                                                             BUSINESS REVIEW




In 2024, the Group rigorously promoted the smart airport comprehensive solution. The Airport Collaborative
Decision-Making (A-CDM) system ranked first in market share among nearly 40 airports with a passenger
volume of over 10 million in China, which effectively helped airports achieve “operation standardization,
refined management and intelligent decision-making.” In addition, we further broadened the network effect of
“link main routes and branch routes and connect the whole network” service model and entered into
contracts with more than 250 airports, with a coverage rate of over 95%, for the civil aviation transit
passenger service platform. The international transit function was first implemented at Shenzhen Airport and
awarded in the 2024 China International Fair for Trade in Services the Exemplar Service Practice in China.
The smart travel platform based on facial recognition was promoted in approximately 40 airports,
successfully implementing boarding for passengers at transit stations by facial recognition. The smart middle
platform successfully won bids for 7 airport projects including Urumqi Airport. Moreover, the common use
passenger service platform was actively promoted at airports in Qiqihar, Nanchong and others, and
successfully won the bid for the Common Use Passenger Processing System (CUPPS) project of Macau
International Airport, representing a new breakthrough in the overseas airport business. We continued to
improve passenger travel efficiency and completed the examination and acceptance of the passenger service
integration platform project with “Five Flows and One Business Card” at its core at Beijing Capital
International Airport. Meanwhile, we also actively expanded new luggage application scenarios and launched
the full-process luggage tracking system (RFID) in airport groups in areas such as Guangxi, Xinjiang, and
Yunnan. The “Research on Key Technologies for Civil Aviation Data Governance and Application” project won
the First Prize in Civil Aviation Science and Technology from the China Air Transport Association.

Other Information Technology Services
In 2024, the Group seized tightly the new opportunities in the construction of digital China and the
development of the low-altitude economy to promote the deep integration of the digital economy and the real
economy. We were devoted to the development in the field of digital infrastructure construction, entered into
contracts for data center-related projects with China National Aviation Fuel Group Limited, China National
Biotec Group Company Limited, China Welfare Lottery Issuance and Management Center, and actively built a
full life cycle service solution for data center infrastructure. Moreover, we expanded cross-industry data
center value-added service business, and entered into contracts for operation and maintenance related
projects with the Department of Consular Affairs of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, China Nam Kwong Group
Limited, Anhui Gujing Gongjiu Co., Ltd., etc. We searched for the value of data elements, cooperated with
Sinopharm Digital Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd. and Beijing International Data Exchange Co., Ltd., and
actively explored new models of data governance and data integration. In addition, we accelerated the plan of
low-altitude economy, implemented the requirements of the “link main routes and branch routes and
connect the whole network” service model issued by the Civil Aviation Administration of China (“CAAC”),
entered into contracts for three common use airport information construction projects, jointly initiated the
establishment of “Low-altitude Economy Innovation Consortium” with 7 central state-owned enterprises
including AVIC, and won the bid for Xinjiang Shihezi Airport project, representing the first breakthrough in the
low-altitude and drone fields.




                                                                                                              9
TravelSky Technology Limited




BUSINESS REVIEW




In 2024, the Group continued to consolidate its leading position in the domestic aviation logistics information
service market. We entered into a new service contract with Joy Air and successfully launched the China
International Air Cargo Terminal Digital Platform and China Post Air Cargo Production System. In addition,
we promoted and upgraded cargo terminal production system, cargo security inspection system and other
products, successfully signed 9 new customers, and launched Ezhou Airport cargo system, the first domestic
professional cargo hub, the first domestic network barge type Wuhan Optics Valley cargo terminal, and the
first full information technology innovation freight system at Urumqi Airport. The volume of electronic air
waybills processed gradually recovered throughout the year.

In 2024, the Group responded to the national call to accelerate the development of strategic emerging
industries and future industries, with a deep focus on frontier technologies such as blockchain, digital
Renminbi, and artificial intelligence, which are vigorously promoted by the country. The “Air Travel Chain”
project constructed by the Group was rated as International Leading Achievement and won the second prize
of the Science and Technology Award of China Communications and Transportation Association. The chain
products “Reconciliation Pass” and “Asset Traceability Management System” expanded to 7 new customers.
“Declaration Pass” won the third prize in Civil Aviation Science and Technology from China Air Transport
Association. The intelligent payment application of digital Renminbi was first launched in five airports,
leading to a new trend of integration between digital Renminbi and civil aviation e-commerce. The airport
luggage transfer smart robot was launched for the first time as Qingdao Airport was signed as the first
customer.

Safe Operation
The Group’s infrastructure serves the sustainable development of its business, the objectives of which are to
ensure safety in production, satisfy the needs of business development, and strive to realize the safety,
efficiency and low consumption of infrastructure by making full use of existing technologies, and commercial
and management instruments, so as to achieve the sustainable development of business. Through the
establishment of a safe production accountability system, the Group continuously consolidated the safety
foundation, comprehensively built a modern safety system with corresponding capabilities, and secured
overall stable performance in safety throughout the year, which laid a solid foundation for the high-quality
development of the enterprise and the safety of national civil aviation.




10
                                                                                            Annual Report 2024




                                                                                             BUSINESS REVIEW




In 2024, as the “central nervous system” of China’s civil aviation, the Group actively fulfilled its social
responsibilities by comprehensively strengthening the stability of core systems, intelligent operation and
maintenance, and security capabilities. On one hand, the Group ensured the smooth operation of the
mainframe system and major open platform systems. We successfully guaranteed the safe operation of civil
aviation passenger information system during the Spring Festival travel rush, the two Conferences (i.e. the
National People’s Congress and the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference), the Boao Forum, the
China-Russia Expo, and the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation. On the other hand, the Group steadily
improved its technical capabilities. Moreover, the Group completed the construction of the “Smart Customer
Service Platform” based on large models, which is fully open to airlines, airports, and agent users. We also
completed the construction and implementation of 5G virtual lines in 120 domestic airports, improving the
reliability of the communication lines of certain small, micro, and micro-sized airports. In addition, we
strengthened the security protection capabilities of key infrastructure, the construction of off-site disaster
recovery for large-scale mainframe system was steadily advanced, and the Houshayu Park launched dual
external power supply for the first time, reaching the power supply guarantee capability of a world-class data
centre. We improved the level of information security protection, implemented the “real person, real name,
real operation” requirements of the Ministry of Public Security and the Civil Aviation Administration, and
enhanced front-end security management standards. Meanwhile, we strived to cooperate and support the
“prevention of air ticket telecommunications network fraud cases” and were committed to civil aviation
passengers’ personal information protection responsibilities.

Technological Innovation
In 2024, the Group remained committed to implementing an innovative development strategy and
continuously enhance our own capability on technological innovation. We insisted on innovation-driven
development, increased investment in key civil aviation basic software, artificial intelligence and low-altitude
economy, and actively carried out key tasks such as airline operation control system, air cargo system, and
civil aviation vertical large-scale model construction. Moreover, we actively participated in the low-altitude
economy, next-generation Internet, 5G and new generation mobile communications, while continuing to
promote the construction of scientific and technological innovation platforms, actively carrying out
industry-university-research cooperation around industry common technologies and new technology
application research, and enhancing the industrial technology research and development level of national
enterprise technology centres. Additionally, we continued to promote green and low-carbon development,
obtained the energy management (ISO50001) certification, and created a number of green and low-carbon
technologies for demonstration, which were included in the “National Energy-Saving and Carbon-Reduction
Technology Equipment Recommendation Catalogue” of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology
and the fifth “National Key Low-Carbon Technologies Catalogue” of the Ministry of Ecology and Environment.




                                                                                                            11
TravelSky Technology Limited




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
For the ease of having brief understanding in the situation of the Company, we have selected some key
indicators which can reflect the profitability, solvency and cash liquidity of the Company, to comprehensively
reflect the financial position and operating results of the Company. The following discussion and analysis
should be read in conjunction with the financial information contained in the audited financial statements of
the Group (together with the notes thereto) prepared according to CASBE reproduced in this report. The
following discussions on the summary of historical results do not represent a prediction as to the future
business operations of the Group.


SUMMARY OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS IN YEAR 2024
As stated in the announcement of the Company dated February 14, 2025, the increase in revenue from the
Group’s aviation information technology services, accounting, settlement and clearing services, data network
services and other related business segments as compared to that for the corresponding period of the
previous year due to the resumption and development of China’s civil aviation industry in 2024, as well as the
significant increase in revenue from system integration services as compared to that for the corresponding
period of the previous year due to the growth in the scale of the business of the airport construction projects
and the progress of their implementation, etc., all of which led to an increase in the Group’s net profit as
compared to that for the corresponding period of the previous year.

The revenue and operating results of the Group mainly came from the Group’s operations in China. For Year
2024, profit before taxation of the Group was approximately RMB2,394.5 million, representing an increase of
approximately 48.5% over that for the year ended December 31, 2023 (“Year 2023”). Net profit attributable to
shareholders of the parent company was approximately RMB2,074.3 million, representing an increase of
approximately 48.3% over that in Year 2023.

The basic and diluted earnings per share of the Group in Year 2024 were RMB0.71.

TOTAL REVENUE
The total revenue of the Group in Year 2024 amounted to approximately RMB8,823.0 million, representing an
increase of approximately RMB1,839.2 million, or 26.3%, from approximately RMB6,983.8 million in Year 2023.
The increase in total revenue is reflected as follows:

•    Aviation information technology service revenue represented 48.9% of the Group’s total revenue in Year
     2024, as compared to 55.1% for Year 2023. Aviation information technology service revenue increased by
     12.2% from RMB3,850.8 million in Year 2023 to RMB4,318.7 million in Year 2024. The main sources of
     the revenue were Inventory Control System service, Computer Reservation System service and Airport
     Passenger Processing service, as well as other extended information technology services related to the
     above core business provided by the Group to commercial airlines. The increase of the revenue was
     mainly due to the 18.1% year-on-year increase of total system capacity, whereas domestic airline
     international segment and foreign and regional airline capacity have not yet recovered to the same level
     of the same period in 2019.




12
                                                                                        Annual Report 2024




      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




•   Accounting, settlement and clearing services revenue accounted for 6.7% of the Group’s total revenue in
    Year 2024, as compared to 6.4% for Year 2023. Accounting, settlement and clearing services revenue
    increased by 32.2% from RMB447.3 million in Year 2023 to RMB591.2 million in Year 2024. The main
    source of the revenue was accounting, settlement and clearing services provided by the Group to third
    parties including commercial airlines, airports, agencies and government bodies, etc. The increase of
    the revenue was primarily due to the factors such as gradual recovery of accounting, settlement and
    clearing business volume, especially international business volume, and expansion of system and
    product services.

•   System integration service revenue accounted for 21.4% of the Group’s total revenue in Year 2024, as
    compared to 14.2% for Year 2023. System integration service revenue increased by 89.9% from
    RMB994.3 million in Year 2023 to RMB1,887.7 million in Year 2024. The main sources of the revenue
    were hardware integration, software integration and data and information integration services provided
    by the Group to airports, commercial airlines and other corporate clients. The increase of the revenue
    was primarily due to the year-on-year increase in the scale and number of projects that met the
    completion and acceptance requirements as a result of the orderly progress of construction and
    acceptance.

•   Data network revenue accounted for 5.3% of the Group’s total revenue in Year 2024, as compared to 5.6%
    for Year 2023. Data network revenue increased by 19.1% from RMB390.0 million in Year 2023 to
    RMB464.6 million in Year 2024. The main source of the revenue was the distribution information
    technology service provided by the Group to agencies. The increase of the revenue was mainly due to
    the year-on-year increase in distribution information technology services business volume.

•   Income from technical support and products (disclosed as “income from technical services” in previous
    years) accounted for 10.6% of the Group’s total revenue in Year 2024, as compared to 8.8% for the Year
    2023. Income from technical support and products increased by 51.8% from RMB617.0 million in Year
    2023 to RMB936.8 million in Year 2024. This revenue was derived from the products and technical
    services provided by the Group to airlines, airports, agents and non-industry customers. The increase of
    the revenue was mainly due to the increase in customers’ IT service demand and product expansion.

•   Other revenue accounted for 7.1% of the Group’s total revenue in Year 2024, as compared to 9.8% for
    Year 2023. Other revenue decreased by 8.8% from RMB684.4 million in Year 2023 to RMB624.1 million
    in Year 2024. The sources of the revenue were payment business, room tenancy, data services, logistics
    business and other services provided by the Group. The decrease of the revenue was mainly due to the
    decrease in the payment business revenue and costs along with adjustments in business strategies.




                                                                                                         13
TravelSky Technology Limited




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES
The total operating expenses of the Group in Year 2024 amounted to RMB6,453.5 million, representing an
increase of RMB1,152.6 million or 21.7%, as compared to RMB5,300.8 million for Year 2023. The changes in
total operating expenses are reflected as follows:

•    Staff costs increased by 20.6% mainly due to the year-on-year decrease in the capitalization of the Group’s
     research and development expenses, and the year-on-year increase in employee salaries and “5
     Insurances and 2 Pensions”;

•    Depreciation and amortization increased by 23.2% mainly due to the year-on-year increase in amortization
     of intangible assets carried forward by the Group’s independent research and development;

•    Cost of integrated business sales (disclosed as “Cost of sales of software and hardware” in previous
     years) increased by 161.3% mainly due to the year-on-year increase in business volume of integration
     projects and the orderly progress of construction and acceptance;

•    Technical support and maintenance fees increased by 9.2% mainly due to the year-on-year increase in
     the operational requirements; and

•    Departure and distribution support fees (disclosed as “commission and promotion expenses” in previous
     years) decreased by 11.7% mainly due to the impact of departure service guarantee fees, foreign airline
     booking rewards for agents, and their corresponding progress of reconciliation confirmation.

As a result of the above-mentioned changes in revenue and total operating costs, the operating profit of the
Group increased by approximately RMB797.9 million, or approximately 49.7%, from approximately RMB1,604.6
million in Year 2023 to approximately RMB2,402.5 million in Year 2024.


CREDIT IMPAIRMENT LOSSES
The Group’s credit impairment loss was RMB114.0 million in 2024, mainly due to provision for bad debts
which was made for overdue receivables from third-party customers.


CORPORATE INCOME TAX
Under the Corporate Income Tax Law of the People’s Republic of China (the “CIT Law”) and other relevant
regulatory requirements, in general, the applicable income tax rate of enterprises in the PRC is 25%,
enterprises recognized as the “High and New Technology Enterprise” are entitled to a preferential corporate
income tax rate of 15%. The Company was approved and certified by relevant authorities as a “High and New
Technology Enterprise” since its establishment, and from then on the Company re-applied regularly for
certification of qualification to renew the status of “High and New Technology Enterprise” in accordance with
relevant regulatory requirements. The Company’s latest re-application for certification was completed in
November 2023, and the Company maintained its status as the “High and New Technology Enterprise”, and
was confirmed to be entitled to the preferential corporate income tax rate of 15% from Year 2023 to Year
2025 as a “High and New Technology Enterprise”. Hence, the Company has calculated the expenses on
corporate income tax for Year 2024 using the preferential tax rate of 15%.




14
                                                                                            Annual Report 2024




       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




In addition to the recognised identification of “High and New Technology Enterprise” and entitlement of a
preferential income tax rate of 15%, if an enterprise is approved and certified by relevant regulatory
authorities as the “Key Software Enterprise”, it can further enjoy a preferential tax rate of 10%. According to
the relevant regulations, the difference between the tax amount paid at the rate of 15% and the tax amount
calculated at the preferential corporate income tax rate of 10% will be refunded to the relevant enterprises
after the relevant period, and will be correspondingly reflected in the profit or loss account of the enterprise
when it is refunded. The Company obtained the certificate for “Key Software Enterprise” from Year 2006 to
Year 2023.

For details of corporate income tax of the Group for Year 2024, please see Note 4 to the financial
statements.


NET PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO SHAREHOLDERS OF THE PARENT
COMPANY OF THE GROUP
Net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent company of the Group increased by approximately 48.3%
from approximately RMB1,399.0 million in Year 2023 to approximately RMB2,074.3 million in Year 2024.


DISTRIBUTION OF PROFIT
According to the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China (the “Company Law”), relevant laws and
regulations, and the articles of association of the Company (the “Articles”), the profit after taxation of the
Company during the year is distributed in the following order: (i) making up cumulative prior years’ losses, if
any; (ii) appropriation to the statutory surplus reserve fund; (iii) appropriation to the discretionary surplus
reserve fund; and (iv) appropriation to the distribution of dividends.

Discretionary Surplus Reserve Fund
In Year 2024, the discretionary surplus reserve fund for Year 2023 approved to be appropriated at the annual
general meeting held on June 20, 2024 and the statutory surplus reserve fund for Year 2024 that should be
appropriated have been accounted for in the financial statements of the Group for Year 2024.

The proposed appropriation of 10% of profit after taxation in the financial statements of the Company
prepared in accordance with CASBE with an amount of RMB170.3 million to the discretionary surplus reserve
fund for Year 2024 is subject to shareholders’ approval at the forthcoming annual general meeting (the
“AGM”). Therefore, the amount will be recorded in the Group’s financial statements for the year ending
December 31, 2025.




                                                                                                            15
TravelSky Technology Limited




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




Proposed Adjustment to Dividend Policy and Payment of Annual Dividend
On March 27, 2025, the Board of the Company proposed the change in the dividend policy as follows: the
Board will propose annual dividend distribution (including cash dividend distribution plan) at the general
meeting after considering the Company’s operating status, capital requirements for future development, and
taking into account factors including the Company’s sustainable development. Generally, the Company
distributes annual final dividends in cash, with the total amount accounting for 35% to 45% (previously 30%
to 40%) of the net profit of each year as stated in the income statement of the parent company. At the same
time, the Board proposed the distribution of a final cash dividend of RMB699.4 million, representing
RMB0.239 per share (tax inclusive) for Year 2024 (the “Final Dividend”) as calculated based on the total
number of shares in issue of the Company of 2,926,209,589 shares as at the date of this report.

The Company will submit the above Final Dividend distribution proposal to the forthcoming AGM. If such
proposal is approved at the AGM, the Final Dividend for Year 2024 is expected to be paid on or before
September 30, 2025. The date of the AGM has not been fixed, and detailed arrangements in relation to the
AGM (including the date and book closure period) will be disclosed by the Company in due course. Further,
upon conclusion of the AGM, the Company will publish the report on the matters related to the Final
Dividend, including, among other things, the amount of Final Dividend per share in Hong Kong dollar, book
closure period, ex-date, dividend payment date and dividend tax, etc.


LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE
The following table summarizes the cash flows of the Group for the following years:

                                                                        For the year ended December 31
                                                                                 2024             2023
                                                                           RMB’million       RMB’million
 Net cash flow generated from operating activities                              2,525.9             137.4
 Net cash flow used in investing activities                                       893.7            –796.2
 Net cash flow used in financing activities                                      –196.8             449.4
 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                      3,231.2            –199.3
 Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents               8.4              10.0


The Group’s working capital for Year 2024 mainly came from operating activities. Net cash inflow from
operating activities amounted to RMB2,525.9 million.

As at December 31, 2024, the Group had a total of RMB1,403.5 million of borrowings, including short-term
bank borrowings of RMB1,203.3 million and entrusted loans of RMB200.2 million, of which the fixed rate
borrowings totaled RMB1,403.5 million. The Group did not use any financial instruments for hedging purpose.

As at December 31, 2024, cash and cash equivalents of the Group amounted to RMB10,507.7 million, of
which 97.74%, 1.88% and 0.26% were denominated in RMB, USD and EUR, respectively.




16
                                                                                         Annual Report 2024




       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




RESTRICTED BANK DEPOSITS
As at December 31, 2024, restricted bank deposits of the Group in the amount of RMB1,490.4 million, of
which RMB1,449.1 million were customer provisions (as at December 31, 2023: restricted bank deposits were
in the amount of RMB1,280.6 million, of which RMB1,189.6 million were customer provisions) mainly refer to
the deposits placed at designated bank accounts as guarantee deposits to secure, amongst others, the
settlement of related business, and the customer provisions deposited with The People’s Bank of China by its
subsidiary, Beijing Yake Payment Technology Co., Ltd.


TRUST DEPOSITS AND IRRECOVERABLE OVERDUE TIME DEPOSITS
As at December 31, 2024, the Group did not have any trust deposits and irrecoverable overdue time deposits.
All cash deposits held by the Group are deposited with commercial banks and complied with applicable laws
and regulations.


FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISKS
The Group’s foreign exchange risk arises from commercial transactions and assets and liabilities
denominated in foreign currencies. Fluctuation of the exchange rates of Renminbi against foreign currencies
could affect the Group’s operational results.


FINANCIAL ASSETS INVESTED
With regard to capital management, based on the principles of prudence and soundness, the Group generally
chooses principal-protected wealth management products with interest rates higher than those of bank
deposits for the same period, so that the Group can maximize its capital gains.

In Year 2024, the Group had the following major financial assets:

(1) Trading Financial Assets
     As at December 31, 2024, the Group held structural bank deposits issued by Bank of Communications,
     Industrial Bank and China CITIC Bank of RMB1,100 million, RMB600 million, and RMB500 million,
     respectively, with the total structural bank deposits of RMB2,200 million (floating yield). The annual
     interest rates of such structural bank deposits varied from 1.50% to 3.00%. Such structural bank
     deposits have maturity periods ranging from 179 to 186 days and are non-cancellable before maturity.

(2) Financial Assets at Amortized Cost
     As at December 31, 2024, the Group held certificates of deposit for more than three months issued by
     China Construction Bank, Bank of Communications, Minsheng Banking and Ping An Bank of RMB500
     million, RMB80 million, RMB70 million, and RMB20 million, respectively, with the total certificates of
     deposit for more than three months of RMB670 million. The annual interest rates of such bank deposits
     varied from 1.90% to 3.10%. Such bank certificates of deposits have maturity periods ranging from 365
     to 1,097 days and are non-cancellable before maturity.




                                                                                                         17
TravelSky Technology Limited




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




(3) Financial Assets at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income

                                            Percentage of Percentage of
                                             shareholding shareholding   Fair value   Fair value Gain for the Gain for the
                                                    as at         as at       as at        as at  year ended   year ended
                                            December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31,
      Name of investment    Business nature         2024          2023         2024         2023        2024         2023
                                                       %             %    RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000
      Unlisted equity       Life insurance        13.26        13.26     1,004,312       830,474      173,839       –5,354
        Measured at fair
        value — CMRH Life


     The performance and prospects of the financial assets “CMRH Life” during the period were as follows:

     a.   Name of the company:                  China Merchants RenHe Life Insurance Company Limited (“CMRH
                                                Life”)

     b.   Business scope:                       general insurance (including life insurance and annuity
                                                insurance), health insurance, accident injury insurance, bonus
                                                insurance, omnipotent insurance, reinsurance of all of the above
                                                insurance businesses, the application of the insurance funds
                                                allowed by the State laws and regulations, and other businesses
                                                approved by the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory
                                                Commission.

     c.   Investment cost of the                RMB875.0 million.
            Company:

     d.   The percentage of the                 13.26%.
            shareholding held by the
            Company:

     e.   The fair value and the scale relative to the total assets of the Group:

          As at December 31, 2024, the Group invested a fair value of approximately RMB1,004.3 million in
          CMRH Life, accounting for 3.4% of the total assets of the Group.

     f.   The performance in Year 2024:

          According to the information provided by CMRH Life to the Company, it recorded a profit of
          approximately RMB439.7 million in Year 2024. The main reason is that CMRH Life resolutely
          transformed and optimized its business structure, adjusted product pricing rates in a timely
          manner, firmly implemented the “unity of reporting and action” to reduce insurance policy costs,
          seized opportunities in the capital market to obtain excess investment returns, and actively
          responded to the impact of downward interest rates to achieve annual profits.



18
                                                                                           Annual Report 2024




         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




    g.    Strategies of future investments and the prospects of such investments:

          According to the information provided by CMRH Life to the Company, the Central Economic Work
          Conference proposed five major articles on finance, and the State Council issued the new “Ten
          National Policies” for the insurance industry, pointing out the direction for the industry to achieve
          high-quality development and created a good policy environment. The regulatory authorities pointed
          out that “the insurance industry has great potential to serve modernization with Chinese
          characteristics” and the industry has maintained steady development while coping with various
          risks and challenges. CMRH Life will firmly implement the nine-character policy of “optimizing
          products, controlling costs, and creating value (優產品、控成本、創價值)”, adhere to the principle
          of seeking progress while maintaining stability, promoting stability through progress, adhering to
          integrity and innovation, establishing first and then breaking, integrating systems, coordinating and
          cooperating, firmly adhering to market-oriented reforms, accelerating the implementation of the
          three major strategies, speeding up the creation of the “two curves”, and making every effort to
          promote the construction of a digital ecological platform for risk management, health
          management, and wealth management that is the first choice for central state-owned enterprises
          and their employees’ families.

(4) Financial Assets at Fair Value through Profit or Loss
    China Mobile Equity Fund
    As stated in the announcement of the Company dated April 16, 2020, the Company entered into the
    limited partnership agreement (the “Agreement”) in relation to the formation of China Mobile Equity
    Fund (Hebei Xiong’an) Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (中移股權基金（河北雄安）合夥企業（有限合夥）)
    (“China Mobile Equity Fund”) with China Mobile Capital Holding Co., Ltd.* (中移資本控股有限責任公司),
    other investors (together with the Company and China Mobile Capital Holding Co., Ltd.* (中移資本控股
    有限責任公司), as the limited partners) and China Mobile Fund Co., Ltd.* (中移股權基金管理有限公司)
    (as the general partner), pursuant to which, the Company agreed to contribute RMB1 billion in cash to
    China Mobile Equity Fund during the term of the Agreement. China Mobile Equity Fund will mainly
    invest in 5G industry application and information communication industry chain, ecosystem and
    empowerment industry.

    As at December 31, 2024, the Company has actually contributed (including the fund management fee)
    RMB852.2 million pursuant to the Agreement. Please refer to Note 14(1) to the financial statements for
    details.




                                                                                                            19
TravelSky Technology Limited




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




CHARGE ON ASSETS
As at December 31, 2024, the Group had no charge on its assets.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
As at December 31, 2024, the Group had no material contingent liabilities.


GEARING RATIO
As at December 31, 2024, the gearing ratio of the Group was 22.9% (as at December 31, 2023: 23.6%), which
was computed by dividing the total liabilities by the total assets of the Group as at December 31, 2024.


ADVANCEMENT OF DATA RESOURCE ASSETIZATION WITHIN THE
COMPANY
According to the Ministry of Finance’s Interim Provisions on Accounting Treatment Related to Data
Resources of Enterprises (Caikuai [2023] No. 11), starting from January 1, 2024, enterprises should recognize
data resources that meet the confirmation conditions as intangible assets or inventory, based on the purpose
of holding the data resources, the method of formation, the business model, and the expected manner of
economic benefit consumption related to the data resources.

As at December 31, 2024, the open data capacity-building project, the data governance project of TravelSky’s
business model of these products primarily involves utilizing data resources to provide services to
customers. The Company will report the above project assets under “Intangible assets — Including: Data
resources” in the 2024 financial statements, with a total amount of approximately RMB26.7 million.


MAJOR INVESTMENT OR FINANCING PLAN
As at December 31, 2024, the Group did not have any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries,
associates and joint ventures, or have any major investment or plan to acquire major capital assets. The
Board estimates that the sources of funding of the Group in 2025 will be sufficient for the capital
requirement of daily operations and the Group does not have any major financing plan.

The total capital expenditure of the Group amounted to RMB545.6 million for Year 2024 (2023: RMB1,227.8
million), mainly used in the Company’s daily operation and existing system upgrade, maintenance, and
others. As at December 31, 2024, the Group’s capital expenditure commitment amounted to approximately
RMB1,207.7 million, which will be mainly used in the Company’s daily operation, maintenance, research and
development and upgrading of computer system, China Mobile Equity Fund (an unlisted investment fund), etc.
The sources of funding for such commitments will include existing cash at hand and internal cash flows
generated from operating activities of the Group.




20
                                                                                           Annual Report 2024




       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




Additionally, in 2010, the Company purchased four parcels of land in Shunyi District, Beijing (For details,
please refer to the announcement and circular of the Company dated February 26, 2010 and March 2, 2010,
respectively), among which, one parcel of comprehensive land has not been built yet. In December 2024, the
Company formulated the design plan for the construction of Beijing Shunyi Park Phase II (“Shunyi Phase II
Project”) and the relevant budget amounted to approximately RMB938.0 million. Taking into account of
unpredictable factors including change in prices, the Board approved the Company’s total expenditures for
Shunyi Phase II Project not exceeding RMB1,032.0 million. The project will be funded by the Company’s own
funds, and is expected to have no significant impact on the daily operations and the results and performance
of the Group for the relevant years. The Shunyi Phase II Project, with the total gross floor area of
approximately 90.7 thousand square meters, mainly used for the construction of sources of original
technologies, to carry out forward-looking application technology research, promote the digital
transformation of civil aviation around the construction of smart civil aviation, and improve safety and
security barriers and core competitiveness. It will be integrated with the existing Shunyi Phase I complex to
create a future-oriented TravelSky High-tech Industrial Park, characterized by the seamless integration of
production, education, research, and application. The Company planned to commence the construction of the
first stage of the Shunyi Phase II Project (the “First Stage”). The construction period is approximately three
years from the date of obtaining the construction permit. The total gross floor area related to the First Stage
is about 71.7 thousand square meters (including six premises located in the comprehensive area), and the
related estimated budget is about RMB788.0 million. The commencement period of the second stage of the
Shunyi Phase II Project (including one premise located in the comprehensive area and one premise related to
property management service located in the ancillary area) has not confirmed, depending on the progress of
the First Stage. The Company will disclose the progress of the Shunyi Phase II Project as appropriate until its
completion.


EMPLOYEES
The Group has different rates of remuneration for different employees (including executive directors and staff
supervisors), according to their performance, experience, position and other factors in compliance with the
relevant PRC laws and regulations, as amended from time to time. The remuneration of the employees of the
Group includes salaries, bonuses and fringe benefits provided in compliance with relevant regulations of the
PRC, as amended from time to time, such as medical insurance, pension, unemployment insurance,
maternity insurance and housing funds. The Group also provides its employees with opportunities to acquire
skills in areas such as the aviation and travel industry, computer information technology and business
administration, and provides training on the latest development in areas such as computer information
technology, personal qualities, laws, regulations and economics. In 2007, the Group implemented a corporate
annuity scheme (or supplementary pension plan) in accordance with relevant policies of the PRC. According
to the corporate annuity scheme, the Group is required to make provision for monthly corporate annuity fees
with reference to the total actual salary each month in the previous year and the ratio approved by the
relevant authorities of the PRC. It also needs to deposit the annuities in the custody account of corporate
annuity fund opened by its custodian.

As at December 31, 2024, the total number of employees of the Group was 6,722.




                                                                                                            21
TravelSky Technology Limited




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




Staff costs of the Group amounted to approximately RMB2,489.7 million for Year 2024 (2023: RMB2,063.7
million), representing approximately 38.6% of the total operating expenses of the Group for Year 2024, among
which, the aggregate corporate annuity expenses of the Group amounted to approximately RMB89.0 million
for Year 2024 (2023: RMB82.9 million).


REPURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES
During the year ended December 31, 2024, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold
or redeemed any of its listed securities (including sale of treasury shares within the meaning of the Rules
Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”)).
During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company did not hold any such treasury shares.




22
                                                                                         Annual Report 2024




                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


A. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICE
  The Board has adopted the code provisions as stipulated in the Corporate Governance Code (the “Code
  Provision(s)”) in Part 2 of Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules and its latest amendments from time to
  time, as the Company’s code of corporate governance practices. In compliance with the principles set
  out in Part 2 of the Corporate Governance Code, the Board is committed to implementing effective
  corporate governance policies to ensure that all decisions be made in good faith and in accordance with
  the principles of transparency, fairness and integrity. With necessary and effective counterbalance, the
  Group perfects its corporate governance structure in a sustained way, so as to improve the quality of
  supervision and management and meet the expectations of its shareholders and the relevant parties.

  The Company has deviated from the Code Provision C.2.1 “the roles of chairman and chief executive
  should be separate and should not be performed by the same individual”. As stated in the
  announcement of the Company dated May 2, 2022, Mr. Huang Rongshun, the chairman of the Company,
  was appointed as the General Manager of the Company. At present, the Chairman and General Manager
  of the Company are performed by the same individual, which is a transitional arrangement only.
  Considering that the Board constitute a sufficient number of Independent Non-executive Directors, a
  temporary deviation from the Code Provision would not prejudice the balanced distribution of power and
  authority between the Board and the management of the Company.

  The Company has deviated from the Code Provision B.2.2 “every director, including those appointed for
  a specific term, should be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years”. As stated
  in the announcement of the Company dated February 27, 2023, the term of the seventh session of the
  Board expired on February 26, 2023. Given that the nomination process of candidates for the directors
  of the new session of the Board has not been completed, the re-election and appointment of members
  of the Board will be postponed as appropriate, and the term of office of each committee of the seventh
  session of the Board of the Company will be extended accordingly. The Company will endeavor to
  complete the re-election and appointment of members of the Board as soon as possible, and fulfill
  respective information disclosure obligations in a timely manner. All members of the seventh session of
  the Board of the Company will continue to fulfill their respective duties and responsibilities of directors
  in accordance with the laws, administrative regulations and the Articles until the re-election work is
  completed. The normal operation of the Company will not be affected by the postponement of
  re-election of the members of the Board.

  Except for the deviation from Code Provisions C.2.1 and B.2.2, the Company fully complied with the
  Code Provisions in 2024.

  For the twelve months ended December 31, 2024, the Company has adopted the Model Code and
  standards required thereof as the model code and the standards for conducting securities transactions
  by directors and supervisors of the Company. After making specific enquiries to all directors and
  supervisors, the Company confirmed that all directors and supervisors have acted in full compliance
  with Model Code and the standards regarding directors’ securities transactions required thereof during
  the twelve months ended December 31, 2024.




                                                                                                         23
TravelSky Technology Limited




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Corporate Culture
     Development vision
     To become the main IT service provider in aviation and tourism industry and a country-leading, world-
     class information service provider

     Development approach
     Building big platforms, pooling big data and providing wide range of services

     Core values
     Putting people first, strengthening the safety foundation, building trust with services and driving long-
     term development through innovation

     Business philosophy
     Putting safety first, winning customers with services, creating values with information

     Code of conduct
     Striving for self-improvement through innovation and creativity
     Shouldering responsibilities to make a difference
     Working with stakeholders for win-win results
     Taking a down-to-earth approach to improve quality and efficiency

     The Group is committed to building on its core values, implementing its operation philosophy and code
     of conduct, realizing its development path, and achieving its mission and vision, so as to benefit every
     investor, customer, supplier and all employees of the Group.

     During the year 2024, the Board of Directors of the Group continued to strengthen and promote its
     corporate culture, and the Group also emphasized the full implementation of its corporate culture in its
     annual work. The relevant progress and achievements are set out in the sections headed “Statement of
     the Board” and “Business Review”, as well as in the “Environmental, Social and Governance Report for
     the Year 2024”.




24
                                                                                         Annual Report 2024




                                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




  Anti-Corruption and Reporting Policy
  The Company strictly abides by the relevant laws and regulations on preventing bribery, extortion, fraud
  and money laundering, such as the Criminal Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Anti-money
  Laundering Law of the People’s Republic of China, Regulations on the Integrity of Leaders of State-
  owned Enterprises* 《  ( 國有企業領導人員廉潔從業若干規定》), and the internal management systems such
  as the Measures Proposed by the Party committee of Travelsky Technology Limited Regarding
  Implementation of the Responsibility System for Construction of an Honest Party and a Clean
  Government* 《    ( 中國民航信息網絡股份有限公司黨委關於落實黨風廉政建設主體責任的措施》) and the
  Measures Proposed by the Party Committee of Travelsky Technology Limited Regarding the
  Implementation of the System for Construction of an Honest Party, a Clean Government and Anti-
  Corruption* 《  ( 中國民航信息網絡股份有限公司黨風廉政建設和反腐敗工作考核評價辦法》). A complete
  and transparent complaint and reporting management and handling process has been set up. Our
  postal address, reporting email and telephone number have been published to improve the supervision
  channel. A designated department shall deal with the problems and strictly follow the procedures of
  registration, submission for approval, transfer and investigation; The information reported shall be kept
  strictly confidential to ensure that the informant will not be subject to retaliation for reporting through
  legal channels. The Company signed the Bidding Agency Anti-Corruption Agreement with the bidding
  agency, forming the system of signing an anti-commercial bribery agreement with suppliers when
  entering agreements. Details of the adopted approach and measures are set out in the section
  “Compliance with the Law” under “Governance” in the “Environmental, Social and Governance Report
  2024.”


B. THE BOARD
  Composition of the Board
  According to the provisions of the Articles, the Board of the Company comprises nine directors, with
  external directors accounting for more than half of the total number of directors and including at least
  three Independent Non-executive Directors. Please refer to the section headed “Biographies of
  Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Company Secretary” of the annual report for details of
  the list of directors and their profiles.

  As at the issue date of this report, the composition of the seventh session of the Board of the Company
  is as follows: (i) Mr. Huang Rongshun acts as the Executive Director of the seventh session of the
  Board of the Company; (ii) Mr. Sun Yuquan, Mr. Qu Guangji and Mr. Xi Sheng act as the Non-executive
  Directors of the seventh session of the Board of the Company; (iii) Mr. Liu Zehong, Mr. Chan Wing Tak
  Kevin and Mr. Xu Hongzhi act as the Independent Non-executive Directors of the seventh session of the
  Board of the Company; (iv) Ms. Liang Shuang acts as the Employee Representative Director of the
  seventh session of the Board of the Company. Mr. Huang Rongshun, an Executive Director, acts as the
  Chairman of the seventh session of the Board.

  The Board established four special committees, including the Audit and Risk Management Committee
  (Supervision Committee) (the “Audit Committee”), the Remuneration and Evaluation Committee (the
  “Remuneration Committee”), the Nomination Committee and the Strategy and Investment Committee
  (Legal Compliance Committee) (the “Strategy Committee”). For duties of each special committees,
  please refer to the section under E. COMMITTEES UNDER THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS.



                                                                                                         25
TravelSky Technology Limited




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     As stated in the announcement of the Company dated January 25, 2024, at the extraordinary general
     meeting of the Company held on the same day, Mr. Sun Yuquan and Mr. Qu Guangji were elected and
     appointed as a Non-executive Director and a member of the Strategy Committee of the seventh session
     of the Board, respectively, and, at the same time, the general meeting approved the resignation of
     Mr. Zhao Xiaohang and Mr. Luo Laijun as Non-executive Directors and members of the Strategic
     Committee of the Company.

     As stated in the announcements of the Company dated January 16, 2025 and January 23, 2025,
     Ms. Liang Shuang was elected by the employee representative meeting of the Company on January 16,
     2025 as the Employee Representative Director of the Company, and such appointment became effective
     upon the approval of the amendments to the Articles at the extraordinary general meeting of the
     Company held on January 23, 2025.

     For Year 2024, the list of directors of the Company, their positions in each special committee and the
     attendance of each of the directors for relevant meetings, such as Board meetings, are as follows.

                                                                        Attendance rate for meetings (Note 1)
                                                                                  Audit Remuneration          Nomination     Strategy
                                                     Board      General      Committee       Committee        Committee    Committee
      Name         Position                        meetings    meetings        meetings       meetings          meetings    meetings
      Huang        Chairman, Executive Director,      100%        100%                —               —            100%         100%
        Rongshun      General Manager; Chief
                      Member of Nomination
                      Committee; Chief Member
                      of Strategy Committee

      Sun Yuquan   Non-executive Director;              20%          0%               —               —               —           0%
                     Member of Strategy             (Note 1)                                                                 (Note 1)
                     Committee


      Qu Guangji   Non-executive Director;              20%          0%               —               —               —           0%
                     Member of Strategy             (Note 1)                                                                 (Note 1)
                     Committee


      Xi Sheng     Non-executive Director;              20%          0%               —               —               —         100%
                     Member of Strategy             (Note 1)
                     Committee


      Liu Zehong   Independent Non-executive          100%        100%            100%            100%             100%         100%
                      Director; Member of Audit
                      Committee; Chief Member
                      of Remuneration
                      Committee; Member of
                      Nomination Committee;
                      Member of Strategy
                      Committee




26
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2024




                                                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




                                                                       Attendance rate for meetings (Note 1)
                                                                                 Audit Remuneration          Nomination     Strategy
                                                    Board      General      Committee       Committee        Committee    Committee
 Name              Position                       meetings    meetings        meetings       meetings          meetings    meetings
 Chan Wing Tak     Independent Non-executive         100%        100%            100%            100%                —            —
    Kevin             Director; Chief Member of
                      Audit Committee; Member
                      of Remuneration
                      Committee


 Xu Hongzhi        Independent Non-executive         100%        100%            100%            100%             100%            —
                      Director; Member of Audit
                      Committee; Member of
                      Remuneration Committee;
                      Member of Nomination
                      Committee


 Zhao Xiaohang     Non-executive Director;               —          0%               —               —               —            —
                     Member of Strategy            (Note 2)
                     Committee


 Luo Laijun        Non-executive Director;               —          0%               —               —               —            —
                     Member of Strategy            (Note 2)
                     Committee


Notes:


1.       Attendance rate = Number of meetings attended/Number of meetings ought to be attended by such director in 2024,
         excluding meetings by way of circulation of written proposals.


         Except for one absence of director Xi Sheng from one Board meeting, when three directors (i.e. Sun Yuquan, Qu
         Guangji and Xi Sheng) did not attend the meetings of the Board and the special committees in person, they all
         trusted other directors with the matter of voting and expressing opinions on their behalf through written
         authorizations.


2.       Directors Zhao Xiaohang and Luo Laijun resigned on January 25, 2024. Prior to their leaving office on January 25,
         2024, no Board meeting were held, one general meeting was held, and no meeting of the Strategy Committee was
         held.


3.       During Year 2024, the Board held five physical meetings and one annual general meeting and one extraordinary general
         meeting. The Audit Committee held two physical meetings. The Remuneration Committee held one physical meeting.
         The Nomination Committee held three physical meetings. The Strategy Committee held one physical meeting.




                                                                                                                                  27
TravelSky Technology Limited




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Duties of the Board
     The Board is accountable to the general meeting in accordance with the Articles and performs the
     following duties: to be responsible for the convening of the general meeting of shareholders and to
     report on its work at general meetings; to implement resolutions of the general meeting of
     shareholders; to determine the Company’s business plans and investment proposals; to prepare the
     Company’s annual and half-year financial accounting report; to formulate the Company’s profit
     distribution plans and loss recovery plans; to formulate proposals on the Company’s credit and
     financial policies, the increase or reduction of the Company’s registered capital and the issuance of
     debentures or securities of the Company; to draft plans for the Company’s major acquisition or disposal
     proposals, repurchase of shares of the Company and formulate the plans for the merger, division or
     dissolution or change of corporate form of the Company; to determine the Company’s internal
     management structure; to appoint or remove the Company’s general manager and to appoint or remove
     deputy general managers, or chief accountant and general counsel of the Company according to the
     recommendations of the general manager and decide on their remuneration matters; to appoint or
     remove the secretary of the Board and/or company secretary and decide on their remuneration
     matters; to determine the establishment of the Company’s branch offices; to formulate proposals for
     any amendment to the Articles; to set forth the Company’s basic management system; to include the
     annual donation budget of the Company in the annual budget of the Company to manage external
     donations other than those required to be considered and approved at the general meeting of the
     Company pursuant to the listing rules of the place where the securities are listed and the requirements
     of the relevant regulatory authorities, and individual donation exceeding RMB30 million shall be filed in
     accordance with the requirements of the regulatory authorities (if necessary); to propose to the general
     meeting the appointment or replacement of accounting firm which provides audit services to the
     Company; to determine other important matters and administrative matters of the Company other than
     those which should be determined by resolutions at the general meeting of the Company as specified
     by the Company Law, the Listing Rules and the Articles; and other powers and duties assigned by laws,
     administrative regulations, departmental regulations, the listing rules of the place where the Company’s
     securities are listed, the general meeting and the Articles.

     The Board is responsible for leading and monitoring the Company, and collectively making decisions
     and supervising the operation of the Company. The Board is responsible for preparing accounts for
     each financial period to ensure that they reflect the Group’s business and results during the period in a
     true and fair manner. The Board accepts responsibilities for the preparation of the Group’s financial
     statements. As of the issue date of this report, the Board was not aware of any material uncertainties
     relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as
     a going concern.

     The Board of the Company authorised the General Manager on December 27, 2024 to make decisions
     on whether or not the Company will exercise its pre-emptive rights in the event of any transfer of
     equity by other shareholders of joint ventures on the same terms, provided that such transfer does not
     constitute a notifiable transaction or connected transaction of the Company under the Listing Rules, and
     is not a matter mandatorily required by laws, regulations, the Listing Rules or agreed to be decided by
     the Board. The authorisation is valid for three years; at the same time, the General Manager is
     authorised to formulate project plans and development plans for important business segments. The
     scope of the project plans shall be confirmed in accordance with the development direction and
     development focuses set out in the overall plan. The authorisation is valid for two years. The General
     Manager shall report to the Board at least every six months on the execution of the authorisation, and
     report on important situations in a timely manner. The Board may make appropriate adjustments to the
     authorisation period or terminate it in advance at any time according to the execution of the
     authorisation. After the expiry of the authorisation, if there is a need to continue the authorisation, the
     Board’s decision-making procedures must again be followed.

28
                                                                                    Annual Report 2024




                                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Headed by General Manager, the management of the Company is responsible for: overseeing the
management of the Company’s daily production and operation, coordinating the implementation of the
Board resolutions; approving the expenditure of recurrent project expenses and long-term investment
periodic expenses in accordance with the annual operation plan, annual investment plan, annual
financial budget or investment project proposal approved by the Board, and deciding on the annual
asset purchase and disposal plan; formulating specific rules and regulations of the Company other than
those relating to party building, employee representative meeting and trade union organization;
appointing or dismissing personnel other than those to be appointed or dismissed by a decision of the
Board in accordance with the relevant regulations; formulating the implementation of systems and
standards relating to employees’ remuneration, benefits and appraisal mechanisms; and exercising
some of the shareholders’ rights in the subsidiaries as stipulated in the Articles and making decisions
in accordance with the laws and regulations, as well as any other powers and functions conferred by
the Board. The management briefs the Board on the financial conditions and major operating
performance of the Company every month, submits financial or other information to the Board for
review and approval and provides full explanations and information to questions addressed by the
Board.

Independence of the Board
The Company believes that the following main features or mechanisms of the Board and Governance
Structure are sufficient to effectively ensure independent opinions of the Board.

At least one third of the members of the Board are independent directors, and the members of the
Board also include the senior management of the Company’s main customers. In the process of the
research and decision-making of the Board, the independent views relating to users, technology,
finance, risk control, large enterprise management and other aspects are ensured. According to the
Articles, the Corporate Governance Code, the Working Rules of the Board, the Authorization
Management System of the Board and the Scheme for Ensuring the Performance of External Directors
formulated and implemented by the Company in 2022, the Board and Directors can engage independent
professional consultants to obtain independent opinions as required. Independent directors improve the
effectiveness and decision-making of the Board by making objective judgments and putting constructive
questions to the management.

Relationship between Members of the Board
In 2024, there were no relations among all members of the Board, including financial, business, family
or other material/relevant relationships.




                                                                                                    29
TravelSky Technology Limited




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Independence of Independent Directors
     Independent Non-executive Directors shall be subject to the independence evaluation when they are
     appointed, and shall be subject to evaluation on an annual basis and in any other circumstances that
     require reconsideration. The Board includes three Independent Non-executive Directors, representing
     one third of the Board, which is in compliance with the requirements of Rules 3.10 and 3.10A of the
     Listing Rules. During the reporting period, the Company received from the three Independent
     Non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Liu Zehong, Mr. Chan Wing Tak Kevin and Mr. Xu Hongzhi, the
     annual confirmations of their independence submitted to the Company in accordance with Rule 3.13 of
     the Listing Rules. The Company considers that all of the above Independent Non-executive Directors are
     independent.

     Independent Non-executive Directors shall receive remuneration for their positions in the Board and the
     Board Committees when appropriate. Information on the remuneration of independent directors is
     contained in the Note 12.5 to the financial statements Related-party transactions.

     Continuous Professional Development of the Board
     In Year 2024, each director of the Company actively participated in the continuous professional
     development, developed and updated his/her knowledge and skills to ensure that he/she continues to
     make contributions to the Board with comprehensive information and in accordance with the needs of
     the Board. The Company provided each director with updates and amendments to the Listing Rules and
     other regulatory laws and regulations from time to time and arranged inaugural training for the newly
     appointed directors, including explanations of directors’ responsibilities by the legal advisor and
     trainings relating to directors’ continuing obligations under the Listing Rules and the rules and
     requirements of the Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside Information.

     In Year 2024, the learning and training records submitted by each director are as follows:

     Executive Director
       Mr. Huang Rongshun                                                                                              A、B
     Non-executive Directors
       Mr. Sun Yuquan                                                                                                  A、B
       Mr. Qu Guangji                                                                                                  A、B
       Mr. Xi Sheng                                                                                                      A
       Mr. Zhao Xiaohang (Resigned)                                                                                      —
       Mr. Luo Laijun (Resigned)                                                                                       A、B
     Independent Non-executive Directors
       Mr. Liu Zehong                                                                                                  A、B
       Mr. Chan Wing Tak Kevin                                                                                         A、B
       Mr. Xu Hongzhi                                                                                                  A、B

     Notes:

     A：       self-learning and reading updates and amendments to relevant laws and regulations including the Listing Rules

     B：       attending thematic training talks organized by professional bodies


     Director Liang Shuang obtained the legal opinion stated in Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules on January
     20, 2025; she has confirmed that she is aware of her responsibilities as a director of a listed issuer.

30
                                                                                        Annual Report 2024




                                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




C. CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
  On April 29, 2022, as working adjustment was made according to the working requirements, Mr. Huang
  Rongshun, Chairman of the Company, was appointed as General Manager of the Company as a
  transitional work arrangement.

  At present, Chairman and General Manager of the Company are performed by the same individual,
  which is a transitional arrangement only. The Company has deviated from the Code Provision C.2.1 “the
  roles of chairman and chief executive should be separate and should not be performed by the same
  individual”. Considering that the Board has a sufficient number of Independent Non-executive Directors,
  a temporary deviation from the Code Provision would not prejudice the balanced distribution of power
  and authority between the Board and the management of the Company.

  In accordance with the Company Law and other laws and regulations and the latest regulatory
  requirements, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting on January 23, 2025 to approve the
  amendments to the Articles, which further refined the respective duties of the Chairman and General
  Manager of the Company, thereby further clarifying the distinction between their duties and roles.


D. TERMS OF NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
                                                               Date of                Expiry Date/
   Name                         Position                       Appointment            Date of Resignation
   Zhao Xiaohang                Non-executive Director         February 27, 2020      January 25, 2024
   Xi Sheng                     Non-executive Director         February 27, 2020
   Luo Laijun                   Non-executive Director         February 27, 2020      January 25, 2024
   Sun Yuquan                   Non-executive Director         January 25, 2024
   Qu Guangji                   Non-executive Director         January 25, 2024
   Liu Zehong                   Independent Non-executive      September 1, 2022
                                  Director
   Chan Wing Tak Kevin          Independent Non-executive      September 1, 2022
                                  Director
   Xu Hongzhi                   Independent Non-executive      September 1, 2022
                                  Director
   Liang Shuang                 Employee Representative        January 23, 2025
                                  Director

  Code Provision B.2.2 requires that every director (including those appointed for a specific term) shall be
  subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. As stated in the announcement of the
  Company dated February 27, 2023, the terms of the seventh session of the Board expired on February
  26, 2023. Given that the nomination process of candidates for the directors of the new session of the
  Board has not been completed, the re-election and appointment of members of the Board will be
  postponed as appropriate, and the term of office of each committee of the seventh session of the Board
  of Directors of the Company will be extended accordingly. The Company will endeavor to complete the
  re-election and appointment of members of the Board as soon as possible, and fulfill respective
  information disclosure obligations in a timely manner. All members of the seventh session of the Board
  of the Company will continue to fulfill their respective duties and responsibilities of directors in
  accordance with the laws, administrative regulations and the Articles until the re-election work is
  completed. The normal operation of the Company will not be affected by the postponement of re-
  election of the members of the Board.



                                                                                                         31
TravelSky Technology Limited




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




E. COMMITTEES UNDER THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
     Corporate Governance Functions
     The Board is responsible for corporate governance functions, including developing and reviewing the
     Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance, reviewing and monitoring the training and
     continuous professional development of directors and senior management, reviewing and monitoring the
     Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, developing,
     reviewing and monitoring the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees
     and directors and reviewing the Company’s compliance with the Code Provisions and disclosure in the
     “Corporate Governance Report”.

     The Board has adopted the Code Provisions as the Company’s code of corporate governance and
     established four special committees dedicated in conducting specific investigation and research, making
     analysis and giving specific advice to the Board in respect of financial reporting, internal control and
     risk management, remuneration, nomination, strategic investment, etc. The Company, from time to
     time, reminds the directors and senior management to learn new rules and laws proactively and take
     effective management action to discharge their duties cogently. The Company has set up more than ten
     basic management systems relating to legal and regulatory compliance, including the “Measures for the
     Administration of Information Disclosure”, the “Measures for the Administration of Connected
     Transactions and Disclosable Transactions”, the “Administration Regulations for authorisation by the
     Board of Directors”, the “Company Legal Affairs Regulations” and the “Measures for the Administration
     of Compliance”. The Board has adopted Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as the Model Code regarding
     the securities transactions by the Company’s directors and supervisors and has also formulated the
     “Model Code for Securities Transactions by Employees” of the Company.

     Audit and Risk Management Committee (Supervision Committee)
     The Audit Committee’s role and functions are available at the Company’s website. They mainly include:
     reviewing financial reports in respect of its completeness, accuracy and integrity; receiving reports from
     the management and auditors; making enquiries to and receiving reasonable explanations from the
     Company’s financial department and auditors on the Company’s financial position; reviewing issues in
     respect of the Group’s financial reporting, risk management and internal control and hearing the
     Company’s reports on fraudulent practices and the whistleblowing supervising the management to
     implement the resolutions of the Board, and report to the Board.

     The Audit Committee is composed of three Independent Non-executive Directors. The term of each
     member of the committee is the same as his respective term as a director. Mr. Chan Wing Tak Kevin,
     an Independent Non-executive Director, serves as the Chief Member (Chairman) of the Audit
     Committee. Mr. Liu Zehong and Mr. Xu Hongzhi (Independent Non-executive Directors) serve as
     members of the Audit Committee.




32
                                                                                    Annual Report 2024




                                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




In Year 2024, the Audit Committee convened two meetings. The work of the Audit Committee during the
year is mainly as follows:

1.   received reports on financial work from the financial officers of the Company and reviewed the
     interim and annual consolidated financial statements, annual report and interim report of the
     Company, including accounting standards adopted by the Company, any changes in accounting
     policies and practices, major judgmental areas, significant audit adjustments, the going concern
     assumptions and any qualified opinion, and compliance with accounting standards and legal and
     regulatory requirements in relation to financial reporting; and had discussions with the
     management of the Company.

2.   met with the auditors at least twice and met with the auditors at least annually in the absence of
     the Company’s management; discussed with the auditors the nature and scope of the audit and
     reporting obligations; received the audit procedures and work plan for the annual audit and
     interim review from the auditors; listened to the management’s explanation and response to any
     queries raised by the external auditors during auditing and gave specific opinions and
     recommendations.

3.   conducted an interim review and an annual review on the Company’s connected transactions, and
     gave opinions and recommendations regarding the relevant internal management and control
     mechanism.

4.   reviewed the risk management and internal control system of the Company and reported the same
     to the Board, and gave opinions and recommendations in respect of the effectiveness of risk
     management and internal control system.

5.   reviewed the independence of auditors and audit procedures, and proposed recommendations in
     relation to the appointment of auditor and remuneration budget to the Board.

6.   listened to reports on the implementation of Board’s resolutions and took corresponding measures
     as necessary.

Remuneration and Evaluation Committee
The role and functions of the Remuneration Committee are available at the Company’s website. They
mainly include: studying appraisal criteria for directors and senior management, carrying out appraisal
and giving advice according to the Company’s actual operation; studying and reviewing remuneration
policies and proposals of directors and senior management, and evaluating their performance; advising
the Board on the remuneration policies and frameworks of directors and senior management, and on
the standard procedure of setting up such remuneration policy; and monitoring the implementation of
the Company’s remuneration scheme and the responsibility of reviewing and/or approving the matters
relating to the share schemes described in Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                                    33
TravelSky Technology Limited




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     The Remuneration Committee is composed of three Independent Non-executive Directors. The term of
     each member of the committee is the same as his respective term as a director. Mr. Liu Zehong, an
     Independent Non-executive Director, serves as the Chief Member (Chairman) of the Remuneration
     Committee. Mr. Chan Wing Tak Kevin and Mr. Xu Hongzhi, both being members of the Remuneration
     Committee, serve as members of the Remuneration Committee.

     In Year 2024, the Remuneration Committee held one meeting. All members attended the meeting and
     discussed the renewal of liability insurance for directors and senior management.

     Details of remuneration of the directors and senior management are set out in Note 12.5 to the
     financial statements Related-party transactions.

     Remuneration Policies for Directors and Supervisors
     As stated in the circular of the Company dated January 10, 2020, the announcement of the Company
     dated February 27, 2020 and the 2020 interim report, pursuant to the approval obtained in the general
     meeting and the relevant rules and requirements issued by the domestic regulators as well as the
     obligations assumed by each of the directors and supervisors, the current remuneration policies for
     directors and supervisors approved by the seventh session of the Board of the Company are as follows:

     (1)   the annual basic remuneration of each Independent Non-executive Director is RMB60,000 (inclusive
           of tax). If he serves as a chief member of a special committee, his annual basic remuneration
           shall be RMB70,000 (inclusive of tax). He may receive a meeting allowance of RMB3,000 or
           RMB2,000 (inclusive of tax) for each attendance at the Board meetings or special committee
           meetings;

           If an Independent Non-executive Director is a retired person-in-charge of a central State-owned
           enterprise, the work subsidy standards for the Independent Non-executive Director shall be
           dynamically adjusted annually in accordance with the results of the annual performance appraisal;
           (i) the work subsidy shall be provided by the Company in advance according to the monthly
           standard of RMB5,000 (before tax) per person in the current year, that is, RMB60,000 (before tax)
           per person per year; (ii) after determining the results of the annual performance appraisal in the
           previous year, the Company shall settle the balance of work subsidy according to the following
           specific standards: if she or he receives a excellent appraisal, she or he is entitled to receive an
           annual work subsidy of RMB100,000 (before tax) per person; if she or he receives a good
           appraisal, she or he is entitled to receive an annual work subsidy of RMB80,000 (before tax) per
           person; if she or he receives an appraisal of basically competent or less, she or he is entitled to
           receive an annual work subsidy of RMB60,000 (before tax) per person; and (iii) if she or he has
           worked in the Company for less than one year, the work subsidy shall be calculated according to
           the actual number of months and she or he shall cease to receive any other monetary income
           from the Company;

     (2)   the annual basic remuneration of each independent supervisor is RMB60,000 (inclusive of tax), with
           no meeting allowance;




34
                                                                                    Annual Report 2024




                                                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




(3)   with reference to the relevant regulatory requirements, except for Independent Directors and
      independent supervisors, other directors and supervisors (regardless of being Chairman of the
      Board and the Supervisory Committee, or member or chief member of any special committee) are
      not entitled to such remuneration, bonus and meeting subsidies for the performance of obligations
      of directors and supervisors;

(4)   the aforementioned adjustment procedures of remuneration standard: the adjustment proposal shall
      be formulated by the Remuneration Committee and submitted to the Board for consideration. Such
      adjustment proposal shall comply with relevant requirements of laws and regulations,
      requirements of regulatory authorities and shall be implemented by the Board according to the
      authorization and approval by the general meeting.

Insurance Arrangement in Respect of Directors, Supervisors and Senior
Management
Since 2004, the Company has continuously arranged appropriate insurance cover in respect of potential
legal actions against Directors, supervisors and senior management. On July 1, 2024, the Company
purchased liability insurance for Directors, supervisors and senior management from PICC Property and
Casualty Company Limited, the term of which will expire on June 30, 2025.

Nomination Committee
The role and functions of the Nomination Committee are available at the Company’s website. They
mainly include: reviewing the structure, size and composition of the Board; identifying candidates
suitably qualified to become directors; assessing the independence of Independent Directors; and
making recommendations to the Board on the above matters and the appointment planning for
directors.

The Nomination Committee is composed of the Chairman and two Independent Non-executive Directors.
The term of each member of the committee is the same as his respective term as a director. Mr.
Huang Rongshun (Chairman of the Company) serves as the Chief Member (Chairman) of the Nomination
Committee. Mr. Liu Zehong and Mr. Xu Hongzhi (Independent Non-executive Directors) serve as
members of the Nomination Committee.

The nomination and recommendation policies of the Company’s directors are as follows: the major
promoter shareholders nominate and recommend candidates for directors (other than Independent
Non-executive Directors) while the Nomination Committee selects suitable candidates for Independent
Non-executive Directors. Such candidates for directors (including Independent Non-executive Directors)
must at least fulfill the relevant requirements of the Company Law, the Listing Rules and the Articles.
Candidates for Independent Non-executive Directors must also satisfy the independence requirement as
set out in Chapter 3 of the Listing Rules. The Board is responsible for submitting the details about the
candidates to the general meeting. The appointment and removal of directors shall be determined by
the general meeting.




                                                                                                     35
TravelSky Technology Limited




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     The Board of the Company shall comprise nine directors, of which at least half of the directors are
     external directors (including at least three Independent Non-executive Directors), and at least one third
     of the directors are Independent Non-executive Directors. Pursuant to the revised Articles approved by
     the Company’s extraordinary general meeting held on January 23, 2025, with effect from the same date,
     the Board of Directors shall have one employee representative director. Non-employee Representative
     Directors shall be elected by way of ordinary resolution at the general meeting; in case more than nine
     directors are approved, those who have got the highest votes shall be elected as directors. Employee
     Representative Directors shall be elected by the Company’s employees through employee representative
     meetings, staff meetings or other forms of democratic election. A director serves for a term of not
     more than three years and is subject to re-election upon expiry. Any director who has unexpired terms
     of office may be removed by way of ordinary resolution at the general meeting provided that the
     general meeting is conducted in accordance with the relevant laws and administrative rules.

     A shareholder’s written notice about his intention to nominate a director’s candidate and a written
     notice given by such candidate of his willingness to be nominated shall be sent to the Company after
     the date of despatch of the notice of the general meeting appointed for such election and at least seven
     days prior to the date of such general meeting. The procedures for nominating a director by a
     shareholder are available at the Company’s website.

     In Year 2024, the Nomination Committee held three meetings and all members attended the meetings.
     During the reporting period, the Nomination Committee considered the director candidates, the
     replacement of the chief accountant, and the amendments to the Articles in relation to the placement
     of Employee Representative Director and other matters.

     During the year 2024, the Company has deviated from the requirement under Rule 13.92 of the Listing
     Rules “Issuers with a single gender board will have to appoint at least a director of a different gender
     on the board no later than December 31, 2024”, i.e. all members of the Board during the year 2024
     were male. The Company has appointed a female Employee Representative Director on January 23,
     2025 to satisfy the requirement under Rule 13.92 of the Listing Rules.

     Strategy and Investment Committee (Legal Compliance Committee)
     The Strategy Committee is responsible for studying and advising the Company on its long term
     development strategies and significant investment decisions, including major issues which may affect
     the development of the Company such as significant investment and financing plans, significant capital
     operations and asset operations projects, as well as legal compliance issues. Its duties were disclosed
     on October 16, 2018, and are available at the Company’s website.




36
                                                                                        Annual Report 2024




                                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




  The Strategy Committee is composed of the Chairman, three Non-executive Directors and one
  Independent Non-executive Director. The term of each member of the committee is the same as his
  respective term as a director. Mr. Huang Rongshun (Chairman of the Company) serves as the Chief
  Member (Chairman) of the Strategy Committee. Mr. Sun Yuquan, Mr. Qu Guangji and Mr. Xi Sheng
  (Non-executive Directors) and Mr. Liu Zehong (Independent Non-executive Director) serve as members
  of the Strategy Committee. Mr. Sun Yuquan and Mr. Qu Guangji (Non-executive Directors) serve as
  members of the Strategy Committee while Mr. Zhao Xiaohang and Mr. Luo Laijun (former
  Non-executive Directors) ceased to serve as Non-executive Directors and members of the Strategy
  Committee with effect from January 25, 2024.

  In Year 2024, the Strategy Committee held one meeting to discuss and listen to the Company’s related
  working report on sustainable development and reviewed the Company’s 2023 Environmental, Social and
  Governance Report and ESG system targets, etc.


F. COMPANY SECRETARY
  The Board of the Company appointed Mr. Yu Xiaochun as the Company Secretary. Mr. Yu completed 15
  hours of relevant professional training in Year 2024.


G. DIRECTORS’ SECURITIES TRADING
  The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
  (the “Model Code”) in Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules as the code of conduct for the directors and
  supervisors of the Company to conduct securities transactions of the Company. Having made specific
  enquiries to all directors and supervisors, no directors or supervisors failed to comply with the relevant
  requirements of the Model Code in Year 2024.


H. RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL MONITORING
  In order to ensure the effectiveness of risk management and internal control system, factoring the
  actual needs, the Company has set up a well-established organizational structure for risk management
  and internal control. The adequate and effective risk management and internal control system can help
  ensure the realization of strategic objectives of the Company. The Board of the Company is responsible
  for the establishment, perfection and effective implementation of risk management and internal control
  system. The management is responsible for organizing and leading the daily operation of the risk
  management and internal control of the Company and reporting to the Board about the outcome on a
  regular basis. The Audit and Risk Management Committee established under the Board performs
  supervisory duties regarding the establishment and effective execution of risk management and internal
  control system, including checking the scope, adequacy and effectiveness of the risk management and
  internal control system and advising on the improvement of such control.




                                                                                                         37
TravelSky Technology Limited




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     The Company attaches great importance to the construction of risk management and internal control
     system, and has established a risk management and internal control system and internal control
     procedures covering all business processes of the Company. The Company has established a sound
     corporate governance structure for sustainable development. The structure effectively governs and
     supervises ESG matters, organizes relevant work and prepares and discloses relevant reports as
     required. The Company reviews and confirms the risk management and internal control system of the
     previous year at least once a year and prepares an annual report relating to risk and internal control
     and submits it to the Board of Directors and the Audit and Risk Management Committee to review,
     assisting the Board of Directors in evaluating the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control
     management and risk management.

     The Company evaluated its internal control within the Company at the end of 2024. The Board believes
     that during the reporting period, the Company established internal control for businesses and matters
     within the evaluation scope, and such internal control was implemented effectively, achieving the
     objectives of the internal control of the Company. There were no material and significant defects. The
     risk management and internal control system of the Company is effective and sufficient. The Company’s
     risk management and internal control system aims to manage the risk of failure to achieve business
     objectives rather than eliminate such risk, and the system can provide only reasonable but not absolute
     protection against non-material misstatements or losses.

     In terms of the accounting, internal audit, financial reporting functions and the performance and
     reporting of ESG, the Company’s resources, staff qualifications and experience, training and budget
     essentially meet the requirements of current management and control, but the Company needs to
     further supplement the reserve force and increase the budget to meet the requirements of enterprise
     management and control as its business scope expands.

     The Company analyzed the possibility of risk occurrence and related impact on the achievement of
     strategic objectives in risk assessment, which involves various risk areas such as strategy, market,
     operation, finance and law. The Company prioritized the risks according to their significance, identified
     major risks and formulated measures against risks and solutions based on further analysis of sources
     of risk and causes of risk. As a result of the measures taken, both the possibility of occurrence and
     extent of impact of risks were lowered, and there were no material risk claims that occurred during the
     reporting period in Year 2024. The Company judges and analyzes according to the changes of both the
     internal and external environment and its own business every year, and formulates effective measures
     against risks in order to enhance risk handling and prevent operational risks.

     The Company clearly understands the importance of employees’ risk awareness for risk management
     and internal control system. The Company introduces the latest regulatory situations and related
     knowledge of risk management and internal control to all the staff through special training, risk
     research, publicity documents and other ways within the Company during 2024, to enhance the risk
     awareness and compliance concept of staff comprehensively.




38
                                                                                     Annual Report 2024




                                                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Procedures for Risk Identification, Assessment and Management of the
Company
The Company has established a dynamic risk management process according to its own business
characteristics and conducted continuous iterative optimization. The Company organised each
department of the Company at the end of 2024, to seek existing risks in each important operation
activity and business process to update risk repository, supplement and amend the description and
classification of original risk events based on changes of the internal and external environment faced by
the Company. The Company will summarise and determine the scope of this assessment in conjunction
with the Company’s key areas in operation management and risk preference of the management, and
conduct risk assessment in the form of questionnaire by combining qualitative and quantitative
methods, so as to form a comprehensive and systematic risk assessment conclusion in five types of risk
areas, such as strategy, market, finance, laws and operation. Long-term and effective risk assessment
mechanism and risk monitoring mechanism will be established to assist the management to grasp risk
management information in time and make scientific and reasonable decisions. As for material and
major risks identified, the relevant responsible units organised by the Company thoroughly analyzed the
source of risk and causes of risk, timely proposed risk management strategies and risk solutions, and
performed ongoing control and monitoring to ensure the effective implementation of the measures
adopted.

The Review Procedures of the Company’s Risk Management and Internal Control
System
The Company, led by the Internal Control Office, organizes the inspection and evaluation of the
effectiveness of internal control, communicates with the inspected units to confirm the problems
identified in the inspection, and proposes rectification recommendations. The Company persistently
optimised and improved its risk management and internal control system by revising and refining its
internal control manual every year, rationalising the current systems, hierarchies, operational workflow,
control measures and related risks of the Company in accordance with the needs of the Company’s
business management and external regulatory requirements, revising and refining the internal control
manual and risk database, and establishing a work mechanism that is constantly updated and
optimised, thereby boosting the effectiveness of the internal control manual and risk database. The
Company carries out inspection and evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control system and
risk assessment at least once a year, organises the relevant units to carry out rectification and
response work in respect of the internal control deficiencies and significant risks identified, and
provides continuous supervision and evaluation.




                                                                                                      39
TravelSky Technology Limited




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     The Characteristics of the Risk Management and Internal Control System of the
     Company
     The Company’s risk management and internal control system is well-developed and organically
     combines risk management and internal control processes by making internal control an important
     means of preventing and eliminating risks, and adopting comprehensive risk management as the key
     criteria for validating and upgrading internal control. The Company tirelessly enhanced its
     “standardised, scientific, effective and highly efficient” risk management and internal control system
     “with the internal environment as the key foundation, risk assessment as a key part, control measures
     as an important means, communication of information as a crucial condition and internal supervision as
     a key assurance”, so as to enhance its risk management and internal control capabilities and to ensure
     the long-term growth and sustainable development of the Company’s business.

     The procedures and internal controls for the handling and disclosure of inside information by the
     Company: the Company has formulated the “Measures for the Administration of Information
     Disclosure”, which regulates the procedures of identification, confidentiality, pre-warning and disclosure
     of inside information, and such internal control measures are adequate.

     The Company has a specialised department of internal audit, which is responsible for annual inspection,
     analysis and assessment for the effectiveness of risk management and internal control system of the
     Company. The department will adhere to the continuous optimization of risk management and internal
     control system, organizational structure and process, to ensure the effective realization of the
     Company’s strategic objectives.


I.   AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION AND MATTERS RELATING TO THE
     AUDITOR
     The aggregate service fees paid by the Company to BDO China SHU LUN PAN Certified Public
     Accountants LLP (Certified Public Accountants in the PRC) for Year 2024 amounted to RMB2,124.9
     thousand, comprising annual audit service fee of approximately RMB1,525.6 thousand and non-audit
     service fee of approximately RMB599.3 thousand for the review of interim financial statements, annual
     compliance review of continuing connected transactions and compliance review of preliminary results
     announcement, etc.




40
                                                                                       Annual Report 2024




                                                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




J. DIVERSITY
   Diversity Policy of the Board of Directors
   In July 2022, the Nomination Committee of the Company revised the basic principles of the board
   diversity policy formulated by the Company in 2013. The revised board diversity policy is: there are no
   restrictions on the gender of directors, and board members are not of a single gender; adopting the
   age of 70 as the upper age limit, pursuant to which no candidate aged 70 or above shall be nominated
   in principle, and if a director will become 70 years old within his/her term of office, the Company may
   consider to shorten his/her term as appropriate in accordance with the opinion of domestic regulatory
   authorities; for the cultural and academic background or professional experience, a director shall, in
   general, possess an advanced level of education, and his/her expertise and experience shall be
   considered according to its relevance with the business of the Company or the management of listed
   companies, such as information technology, network technology, communication technology, finance,
   accounting, law, management and marketing, etc.

   In 2022, a requirement that members of the Board are not of a single gender was added to the board
   diversity policy of the Company. In 2024, the Company did not comply with the Rule 13.92 of the Listing
   Rules, that is, there will be at least one female member of the Board before December 31, 2024. The
   Company appointed a female Employee Representative Director on January 23, 2025, in compliance with
   the requirement of Rule 13.92 of the Listing Rules, and at the same time, in order to achieve long-term
   compliance with the policy of gender diversity, priority should be given to meeting the need for gender
   diversity under the same conditions, when considering potential successors to the Board.

   The Group (the Company and its subsidiaries) had 6,722 employees (including senior managerial
   personnel) as at December 31, 2024. The ratio of male to female employees is about 6:4, which is
   relatively balanced as compared with the gender ratios of the regions and industries where the Group
   operates. The Group takes into account various factors (e.g. the gender ratios of the regions and
   industries where the employees of the Group are located and the regional gender culture to ensure that
   the gender ratios of the Group’s employees engaged in various specific jobs in different regions
   basically be in keeping with the average ratios of related regions and industries and ensure diversity.




                                                                                                       41
TravelSky Technology Limited




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




K. SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
     Procedures for Convening an Extraordinary General Meeting
     Any shareholder(s) individually or collectively holding 10% or more of the Company’s total issued share
     capital shall be entitled to request the Board in writing to convene an extraordinary general meeting.
     Upon receiving such request, the Board shall issue a notice of extraordinary general meeting within 30
     days and hold an extraordinary general meeting within two months from the receipt of such request.
     Otherwise, the shareholder(s) proposing to convene an extraordinary general meeting in writing may
     himself (themselves) convene an extraordinary general meeting within four months from the receipt of
     such written request by the Board.

     Procedures for Putting Forward a Proposal at the General Meeting
     Any shareholder intending to put forward a temporary proposal at the general meeting of the Company
     shall provide shareholding document to prove that he/she is interested in 1% or more of the Company’s
     total issued share capital and put forward and deliver his/her/its proposal in written form to the
     Company (addressed to the Chairman or the Company Secretary of the Company) 10 days before the
     date of convening the general meeting. The Board will issue supplementary notice of the general
     meeting within two days from the receipt of such proposal and announce the content of the proposal. If
     the issuance of supplementary notice fails to meet the relevant requirements of the listing rules of the
     stock exchange where the Company’s shares are listed in respect of issuance of supplementary notice,
     the Company shall postpone the general meeting in an appropriate way.

     Procedures for Shareholders to Make Enquiries to the Board at Any Time
     Shareholders must prove to the Board that they actually own the equity interests in accordance with the
     Articles of the Company (e.g. by providing shareholding documents etc.). The Company suggests
     shareholders submit their enquiry requests in writing (including by email, facsimile and mail) and
     providing sufficient contact details so that the Company can handle and take down their enquiries in a
     proper and timely manner.

     Contact Details
     Shareholders and investors may contact the Company via the following telephone, facsimile, email or
     postal address:

     Telephone: (8610) 5765 0696
     Facsimile: (8610) 5765 0695
     Email: ir@travelsky.com.cn
     Postal address: TravelSky High-tech Industrial Park, Houshayu Town, Shunyi District, Beijing, PRC (中國
                      北京順義區後沙峪鎮中國航信高科技產業園區)




42
                                                                                       Annual Report 2024




                                                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




L. INVESTOR RELATIONS
  Articles
  The Company amended the Articles upon the approval at the annual general meeting of the Company
  held on June 20, 2024.

  The Company amended the Articles upon the approval at the extraordinary general meeting of the
  Company held on January 23, 2025. The Articles and details of its amendments are available on the
  websites of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company’s compliance website.

  Communication with Shareholders and Investors
  The Company continues to pay attention to the requirements of regulatory authorities and capital
  market demand, attaches great importance to maintaining equal and clear communication with
  shareholders and investors, actively implements the communication policy of shareholders and
  investors, and maintains continuous conversation with shareholders and investors through various
  communication channels on the basis of compliant and adequate information disclosure. In Year 2024,
  the Company reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the Shareholders’ and investors’
  communication policy and considers that such policy and measures can ensure effective communication
  between the Company and its Shareholders and investors.

  Timely Access to Corporate Information
  In Year 2024, the Company disclosed compliance information to the public in an equal manner in
  accordance with the time limit, content and forms required by the regulatory requirements, and
  disclosed annual reports, interim reports, environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) reports, results
  announcements, connected transaction announcements, profit warning announcements, circulars for
  general meetings, etc., which are available on the websites of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
  (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company’s compliance website (www.travelskyir.com). Meanwhile, the
  Company also strives to provide investors with timely and sufficient information for understanding and
  evaluating the Company, and voluntarily discloses the Company’s news information such as monthly
  operating information, performance analysis diagram and ESG-related awards. The Company’s business
  overview, financial highlights, coverage of securities companies and investor relations activities are
  published on the Company’s compliance website for investors’ easy review.

  The 2024 Environmental, Social and Governance Report of the Company, in both English and Chinese
  versions, is available on the Company’s website and is available to investors. People who have difficulty
  in receiving or gaining access to the 2024 ESG Report posted on the Company’s website may contact
  the Company through “CONTACT DETAILS FOR INVESTORS” on the last page of this report.




                                                                                                        43
TravelSky Technology Limited




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Ongoing Communication
     In Year 2024, the chairman, general manager, chief accountant, secretary to the Board and investor
     relations team of the Company communicated with over 2,700 domestic and overseas shareholders and
     investors through results announcement conferences, visits, participation in investment summits held by
     investment banks, one-on-one meetings with shareholders and special conference with analysts. The
     investor relations team responded to nearly 4,100 telephone and email inquiries throughout the Year.
     The response rate of the investor hotline and email was 100%, and the Company’s information was
     emailed to more than 90,000 persons. The compliance website was presented in three language
     versions, namely English, Traditional Chinese and Simplified Chinese, equipped with functions such as
     investor relations column, investor email reminder and media registration and accumulated more than
     130,000 visits. The Company also listened to investors’ feedback through investor questionnaires with
     respect to information disclosure, investor relations, corporate governance, finance and business.


M. SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE
     The Supervisory Committee of the Company was established in accordance with the Company Law and
     the Articles. The Supervisory Committee reviews the Company’s financial position in accordance with
     the Articles and supervises the operation and management activities of the Board and senior
     management. The Supervisory Committee is responsible for attending Board meetings, reviewing
     financial information submitted by the directors at the general meetings from time to time such as
     financial affairs and financial statements, and supervising the activities of the Board and other senior
     management in discharging their duties. In case of conflict of interest between the Company and any of
     its directors, the Supervisory Committee shall negotiate or initiate legal proceedings against such
     directors on behalf of the Company.

     The Supervisory Committee of the Company comprises three supervisors, including two shareholder
     representative supervisors and one employee representative supervisor. Other supervisors are all
     appointed and removed at the general meeting of the Company, except for employee representative
     supervisors who are appointed or removed at the employee representative meeting of the Company. The
     term of each supervisor is not more than three years.

     The seventh session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company comprises Mr. Zhang Xin, Mr. Bai
     Bin, and Mr. Lyu Wei among whom, Mr. Zhang Xin is an employee representative supervisor.

     As stated in the announcement of the Company dated January 17, 2024, upon approval at the employee
     representative meeting of the Company held on January 17, 2024, Ms. Liang Shuang ceased to serve as
     an employee representative supervisor of the Company due to internal work re-allocation of the
     Company and Mr. Zhang Xin was appointed as an employee representative supervisor of the Company.

     As stated in the Company’s announcement dated January 23, 2025, upon the approval at the
     extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on January 23, 2025, Mr. Yang Jun ceased to be a
     shareholder representative supervisor of the Company, and Mr. Lyu Wei was appointed as a
     shareholder representative supervisor of the Company.




44
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024




                                                                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




In Year 2024, the seventh session of Supervisory Committee reviewed the financial reports for the year
ended December 31, 2023 and the six months ended June 30, 2024, attended each meeting of the
Board, supervised the operation and management of the Board and senior management and submitted
suggestions on management to the management. Through specific enquiries, all supervisors fully
complied with all the provisions of the Model Code in Year 2024.

The list of supervisors of the seventh Supervisory Committee of the Company and the attendance of
each supervisor at meetings in Year 2024 are as follows:

                                                                       Attendance
                                                                          rate for        Attendance
                                                                      Supervisory            rate for   Attendance
                                                                       Committee             general rate for Board
 Name                              Position                              meetings            meeting       meeting
                                                                          (Note 1)
 Zhang Xin                         Employee Representative                    100%               100%              100%
                                    Supervisor

 Yang Jun                          Supervisor                                    0%                0%                 0%

 Bai Bin                           Supervisor                                 100%               100%                80%

 Liang Shuang(note 2)              Employee Representative                        —                  —                 —
                                    Supervisor

Notes:


1.       Attendance rate = Number of meetings attended/number of meetings ought to be attended by such supervisor in 2024.
         The attendance rate for meetings by way of circulation of written proposals was not included in the above
         attendance rate. The number of times a supervisor failed to attend meeting of the Supervisory Committee in person
         and appointed other supervisor to attend and vote at the meeting on his/her behalf in writing: twice for Supervisor
         Yang Jun.


2.       Ms. Liang Shuang ceased to serve as an employee representative supervisor of the Company since January 17, 2024.


3.       In Year 2024, the Supervisory Committee held two meetings, and supervisors shall attend five Board meetings, one
         annual general meeting and one extraordinary general meeting.




                                                                                                                        45
TravelSky Technology Limited




REPORT OF DIRECTORS

The Board of the Company is pleased to present its report together with the audited financial statements of
the Group for Year 2024.


GROUP ACTIVITIES
The Group is the dominant provider of information technology solutions for China’s aviation and travel
industries. The core businesses of the Group include aviation information technology service, distribution of
information technology service, settlement and clearing services, etc.

The analysis of the Group’s financial performance is set out under the section headed “Management
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations”. The Group presented revenue
disaggregated by the timing of revenue recognition and primary geographical markets, please refer to Note
5.43 to the financial statements for details.


BUSINESS REVIEW
A review of the business of the Group during the year and discussions on its future business development
are set out in the sections headed “Statement of the Board” and “Business Review”. Analysis of the Group’s
financial and operational conditions using financial key performance indicators is set out in the sections
headed “Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations” and
“Financial Highlights”. Compliance with relevant laws and regulations which have a significant impact on the
Group is set out in the section headed “Corporate Governance Report” and this section. The Company’s
environmental policies and performance are set out in the section headed “Business Review”.


SHARE CAPITAL STRUCTURE
The issued share capital of the Company as at December 31, 2024 amounted to 2,926,209,589 shares, with a
par value of RMB1.00 each. As at December 31, 2024, the share capital structure of the Company is as
follows:

                                                                                         Percentage in the
                                                                                           total number of
 Class of shares                                                    Number of shares        shares in issue
                                                                                                        (%)


 Domestic Shares                                                         1,993,647,589                68.13
 H Shares                                                                  932,562,000                31.87


 Total                                                                   2,926,209,589              100.00




46
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024




                                                                                                REPORT OF DIRECTORS




PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
Under the Articles of Association of the Company and the laws of the PRC, there are no provisions about
preemptive rights that require the Company to offer new shares to its existing Shareholders in proportion to
their shareholdings.


PUBLIC FLOAT
The Company has maintained the prescribed public float under the Listing Rules, based on the corporate
information available to the Company and within the knowledge of its directors as at the latest practicable
date prior to the issue of this report.


INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES AND UNDERLYING
SHARES OF THE COMPANY
As at December 31, 2024, the interests and short positions of any persons (other than directors, supervisors
or chief executive of the Company) in the shares and underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the
register required to be kept under Section 336 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the
Laws of Hong Kong) (the “SFO”) are as follows:

                                                                                             Approximate
                                                                                               percentage    Approximate
                                                                                             in respective     percentage
                                                                                                  class of         in total
 Name of shareholder               Class and number of shares       Capacity                 share capital   share capital
                                   (Note 2)                                                       (Note 3)        (Note 3)


 China TravelSky Holding Company   864,836,589 domestic shares of   Beneficial owner               43.38%          29.55%
   Limited                           RMB1 each (L)

 China National Aviation Holding   260,690,500 domestic shares of   Beneficial owner               13.08%           8.91%
   Corporation Limited               RMB1 each (L)

                                   18,720,000 domestic shares of    Interest of controlled          0.94%           0.64%
                                     RMB1 each (L) (Note 4)            corporation

                                   13,045,500 domestic shares of    Interest of controlled          0.65%           0.45%
                                     RMB1 each (L) (Note 5)            corporation

 China Mobile Communications       292,100,000 domestic shares of   Interest of controlled         14.65%           9.98%
   Group Co., Ltd.                   RMB1 each (L) (Note 6)            corporation

 China Southern Air Holding        202,781,500 domestic shares of   Beneficial owner               10.17%           6.93%
   Co., Ltd.                         RMB1 each (L)

                                   65,773,500 domestic shares of    Interest of controlled          3.30%           2.25%
                                     RMB1 each (L) (Note 7)            corporation



                                                                                                                         47
TravelSky Technology Limited




REPORT OF DIRECTORS




                                                                                                       Approximate
                                                                                                         percentage    Approximate
                                                                                                       in respective     percentage
                                                                                                            class of         in total
  Name of shareholder                     Class and number of shares         Capacity                  share capital   share capital
                                          (Note 2)                                                          (Note 3)        (Note 3)

  China Eastern Air Holding               182,743,500 domestic shares of     Beneficial owner                 9.17%           6.25%
    Co., Ltd.                               RMB1 each (L)

                                          25,155,000 domestic shares of      Interest of controlled           1.26%           0.86%
                                            RMB1 each (L) (Note 8)              corporation

                                          3,900,000 domestic shares of       Interest of controlled           0.20%           0.13%
                                             RMB1 each (L) (Note 9)             corporation

  FMR LLC                                 65,216,695 domestic shares of      Interest of corporation          6.99%           2.23%
                                            RMB1 each (L) (Note 10)             controlled by the
                                                                                substantial
                                                                                shareholder


Notes:


(1)      Interests and short positions in the shares and underlying shares of the Company disclosed in this section are based on the
         reasonable enquiries made by the Company and the data published on the website of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing
         Limited (“HKEX”) (www.hkexnews.hk). For the latest disclosure of interests filings of the substantial shareholders of the
         Company’s H shares, please refer to the “Disclosure of Interests” section on the website of HKEX (www.hkexnews.hk).


(2)      (L) — Long position; (S) — Short position; (P) — Lending pool.


(3)      The percentage is calculated by the amount of shares held by relevant person/the total amount of relevant shares issued
         as at December 31, 2024. Percentage in total share capital is based on 2,926,209,589 shares of the total issued share
         capital of the Company as at December 31, 2024; percentage in respective class of share capital is based on 1,993,647,589
         domestic shares and 932,562,000 H shares of the Company as at December 31, 2024.


(4)      These shares were held by Shenzhen Airlines Company Limited, a subsidiary of China National Aviation Holding Corporation
         Limited. China National Aviation Holding Corporation Limited was deemed to be interested in the shares held by Shenzhen
         Airlines Company Limited pursuant to the SFO.


(5)      These shares were held by Shandong Airlines Company Limited, a subsidiary of China National Aviation Holding Corporation
         Limited. China National Aviation Holding Corporation Limited was deemed to be interested in the shares held by Shandong
         Airlines Company Limited pursuant to the SFO.


(6)      These shares were held by China Mobile Capital Holding Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of China Mobile Communications Group Co.,
         Ltd. China Mobile Communications Group Co., Ltd. was deemed to be interested in the shares held by China Mobile Capital
         Holding Co., Ltd. pursuant to the SFO, of which 145,500,000 domestic shares (S) (accounting for approximately 4.97% of the
         total share capital) are deemed to be held through China Mobile Capital Holding Co., Ltd. under the relevant agreements,
         based on the Disclosure Notice of the Interest of Corporate Substantial Shareholder filed by China Mobile Communications
         Group Co., Ltd. on February 6, 2024.


48
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2024




                                                                                                       REPORT OF DIRECTORS




(7)    These shares were held by Xiamen Airlines Company Limited, a subsidiary of China Southern Air Holding Co., Ltd. China
       Southern Air Holding Co., Ltd. was deemed to be interested in the shares held by Xiamen Airlines Company Limited
       pursuant to the SFO.


(8)    These shares were held by China Eastern Airlines Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of China Eastern Air Holding Co., Ltd. China Eastern
       Air Holding Co., Ltd. was deemed to be interested in the shares held by China Eastern Airlines Co., Ltd. pursuant to the
       SFO.


(9)    These shares were held by China Eastern Airlines Wuhan Co. Ltd., a subsidiary of China Eastern Air Holding Co., Ltd. China
       Eastern Air Holding Co., Ltd. was deemed to be interested in the shares held by China Eastern Airlines Wuhan Co. Ltd.
       pursuant to the SFO.


(10)   Based on the Disclosure Notice of the Interest of Corporate Substantial Shareholder filed by FMR LLC on December 2, 2024,
       FMR LLC was deemed to be interested in 65,216,695 H shares (L). These shares were held by Fidelity Management &
       Research Company LLC, Fidelity Investment Management (UK) Limited, Fidelity Management & Research (Hong Kong)
       Limited, Fidelity Management & Research (Japan) Limited, FIAM Holdings LLC, Fidelity Institutional Asset Management
       Trust Company, FIAM LLC, Fidelity Canada Investors LLC, Bay Street Holdings LLC, 483A Bay Street Holdings LP, Fidelity
       Canada Holdings (UK) Limited, Fidelity Investments Canada ULC, which were directly or indirectly controlled by Citigroup
       Inc. FMR LLC was deemed to be interested in the shares held by such companies pursuant to the SFO.


Save as the above, to the best knowledge of the Company’s directors, as at December 31, 2024, no persons
(other than directors, supervisors or chief executive of the Company) had any interests or short positions in
the shares or underlying shares of the Company that are required to be recorded in the register maintained
by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO.


INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND
CHIEF EXECUTIVE IN THE SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND
DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY AND ANY OTHER ASSOCIATED
CORPORATIONS
As at December 31, 2024, none of the directors, supervisors or chief executive of the Company had any
interests or short positions in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its
associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) that are required to be recorded in the
register maintained by the Company under Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company
and the Stock Exchange by the directors, supervisors or chief executives pursuant to the Model Code as set
out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules.

None of the directors, supervisors or chief executive of the Company or their respective associates had been
granted or had exercised any rights to subscribe for the securities of the Company or any of its associated
corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) for the year ended December 31, 2024.

As at December 31, 2024, each of China TravelSky Holding Company Limited, China National Aviation Holding
Company Limited and China Southern Air Holding Co., Ltd. had interest in the shares of the Company which
would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO.




                                                                                                                                49
TravelSky Technology Limited




REPORT OF DIRECTORS




As at December 31, 2024:

(a)   Mr. Huang Rongshun (an Executive Director) was a director and General Manager of China TravelSky
      Holding Company Limited;

(b)   Mr. Sun Yuquan (a Non-executive Director) was an employee of China National Aviation Holding
      Corporation Limited; and

(c)   Mr. Qu Guangji (a Non-executive Director) was an employee of China Southern Air Holding Company Ltd.

As at December 31, 2024, none of the directors/supervisors or any of their respective associates had
engaged in or had any interest in any business which competes or is likely to compete, either directly or
indirectly, with the business of the Group.


CHANGES OF DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS
Details in relation to the changes of directors and supervisors during the year are set out in the section
headed “Corporate Governance Report”.


CHANGES OF THE INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Since the publication of 2024 Interim Report of the Company up to the latest practicable date prior to the
publication of this report, there are no changes in the information of Directors, Supervisors and chief
executive officer of the Company required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.


SERVICE CONTRACTS OF DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS
All members of the seventh session of the Board and the seventh session of Supervisory Committee of the
Company have respectively entered into service contracts with the Company. The seventh session of the
Board and the Supervisory Committee will be held for a term of three years commencing from February 27,
2020. As no general election has yet been held, they are required to continue to perform their duties in
accordance with the relevant provisions of the Articles of Association and the relevant terms of their
respective Service Contracts until a new term of office is elected. For the year ended December 31, 2024,
none of the directors or supervisors had entered or proposed to enter into a service contract with any
member of the Group which shall not be terminated upon expiration or is not terminable by the Company
within one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).


PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
As of December 31, 2024, all directors of the Company were covered under the liability insurance purchased
by the Company for its directors.


REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE
Details of the remuneration of directors, supervisors and senior management are set out in Note 12.5 to the
financial statements.




50
                                                                                          Annual Report 2024




                                                                                      REPORT OF DIRECTORS




INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS OR THEIR CONNECTED
ENTITIES IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS
Certain members of the seventh session of the Board and the Supervisory Committee of the Company are
also the members of the management of various PRC commercial airlines which are the shareholders of the
Company. The contracts or transactions entered into between the Company or any of its subsidiaries and
such airline shareholders have been referred to in the section headed “Connected Transactions” in this
Report of Directors. Save as disclosed above, none of the directors or supervisors or their connected entities
were materially interested, either directly or indirectly, in any transactions, arrangements or contracts of
significance to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party during, or at the end of Year 2024.


DIVIDEND POLICY AND ANNUAL DIVIDEND
On 27 March 2025, the Board of the Company proposed to adjust the Company’s dividend policy to the
following: the Board shall propose to the general meeting the distribution of dividends (including cash
dividend distribution plan) on an annual basis, taking into account factors such as the current operations of
the Company, the capital requirement for future development as well as the sustainable development of the
Company, etc. Generally, the Company distributed annual final dividends in cash once every year, the total
amount of such cash dividend represents approximately 35% to 45% of the income statement of the parent
company for the year.

The Company will propose the aforesaid adjustment of dividend policy to the latest annual general meeting
and, if approved by such annual general meeting, the Board will propose the distribution of a final cash
dividend of RMB0.239 per share (tax inclusive) for Year 2024. For details, please refer to the section headed
“Distribution of Profit” in “Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of
Operations”.


RESERVES AVAILABLE FOR DISTRIBUTION TO SHAREHOLDERS
After the appropriation of the statutory surplus reserve fund and the discretionary surplus reserve fund from
the Company, the reserves available for distribution to shareholders as at December 31, 2024 amounted to
RMB9,094.8 million (as at December 31, 2023: RMB8,200.3 million). Details of changes are set out in the
statement of changes in equity in this report.


TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION OF STOCKHOLDERS
The Company is not aware of any tax relief and exemption available by reason of holding of the Company’s
securities.


MATERIAL LITIGATION
The Group was not involved in any material litigations or disputes in Year 2024.


DONATION
In 2024, the Group donated RMB12.068 million (2023: RMB12.069 million).




                                                                                                           51
TravelSky Technology Limited




REPORT OF DIRECTORS




EMPLOYEES’ RETIREMENT SCHEME
Details of the employees’ retirement scheme of the Group are set out in the section headed “Employees” in
“Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations” and Note 16.2 to
the financial statements.


SUBSIDIARIES AND ASSOCIATED COMPANIES
Particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries and associated companies as at December 31, 2024 are set out in
Note 8 to the financial statements.


PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
The Group recorded gains from disposal of assets of RMB1.832 million in Year 2024. Movements in property,
plant and equipment are summarized in Note 5.54 to the financial statements.


MAJOR SUPPLIERS AND CUSTOMERS
The Group deeply acknowledges the importance of maintaining good relations with its suppliers and
customers to achieve its long-term goals and maintain its leading position in the market.

Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast Cares Company Limited was the largest supplier of the Group for Year
2024 and the total fees paid by the Group to such company in Year 2024 accounted for 5.6% of the Group’s
total operating expenses (after deducting depreciation and amortization expenses). During Year 2024, the total
fees paid to the five largest suppliers of the Group accounted for 12.6% of the Group’s total operating
expenses (after deducting depreciation and amortization expenses).

The Group strictly complies with the “Bidding Law of the People’s Republic of China” and the “Regulation on
the Implementation of the Bidding Law of the People’s Republic of China” and other laws and regulations,
and the Group has been exploring and improving its supplier management system. The Group formulated its
“Supplier Management Measures”, followed the “market access mechanism” for suppliers and selected
excellent suppliers against a set of criteria based on price, quality, technology, integrity and etc., and
prevented the supplier’s information leakage, damage, loss through reasonable and effective information
security technology and management process. The Group will continue to improve the ability to identify and
monitor environmental and social risks of suppliers, hold activities for suppliers’ communication regularly,
listen to and absorb the opinions and advice from suppliers, and work with suppliers to improve their
sustainable development performance.

Sales to the largest customer of the Group, Air China Limited, accounted for 12.9% of the Group’s revenue
from its sales of goods or rendering of services for Year 2024. During the same period, the total sales to the
Group’s five largest customers accounted for 39.9% of the Group’s revenue from its sales of goods or
rendering of services. Three of these top five customers were Air China Limited, China Eastern Airlines Co.,
Ltd. and China Southern Airlines Co., Ltd. Their respective controlling shareholders, namely, China National
Aviation Holding Corporation Limited, China Eastern Air Holding Co., Ltd. and China Southern Air Holding Co.,
Ltd., each held more than 5% and together held an aggregate of approximately 26.41% of the number of the
issued shares of the Company as at December 31, 2024. Since listing, the Company has been providing
services to the above major customers continuously, which are commercial airlines in China. The revenue
derived from the above major customers is set out in Note 12.5 to the financial statements.


52
                                                                                           Annual Report 2024




                                                                                       REPORT OF DIRECTORS




The Group adheres to the customer service policy of “customer-oriented” and strives to provide products and
services that meet customer needs as a long-term partner of customers in a sustained way. In the operation
and management, the Group always adheres to the “provision of excellent information services” as its core
philosophy, and quickly responds to customer needs. Through the full-process service of
“customer-oriented”, the Group has comprehensively improved customer satisfaction and loyalty.

Save as disclosed in this report and in Note 12.5 to the financial statements, none of the directors,
supervisors and their close associates nor any shareholder (which to the knowledge of the directors held
more than 5% of the number of the issued shares of the Company) had any interests in any of the
aforementioned suppliers and customers.


CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
The Company has formulated connected transaction management measures, including the arrangements in
relation to the identification, management, control, approval and disclosures of connected transactions and
the relevant internal control measures. The directors confirm that the following transactions are connected
transactions or continuing connected transactions of the Company (some of them are also related party
transactions as set out in Note 12.5 to the financial statements) which are the connected transactions or
continuing connected transactions as defined under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The Company has
complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Details of
major related party transactions entered into by the Group during the Reporting Period are set out in the
Note 12.5 to the financial statements of this annual report. Except the transactions described in the
“Connected Transactions” section of this report of the Board of Directors (such transactions are in
conformity with the disclosure requirements of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules), none of these related party
transactions constitute connected transactions (as defined in Listing Rules) that need to be disclosed.


CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
The auditor has issued his unqualified letter containing his/her findings and conclusions in respect of the
continuing connected transactions disclosed by the Group as set out in the following (a) to (d) in accordance
with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules.

In the opinion of the independent non-executive Directors of the Company, the continuing connected
transactions in Year 2024 (the following (a) to (d)): (i) were entered into in the usual and ordinary course of
business of the Group; (ii) were conducted on normal commercial terms or better; and (iii) were conducted
on the terms of the relevant agreements governing those transactions, which are fair and reasonable and in
the interests of the shareholders of the Group as a whole.

During the Year 2024, the Group carried out the following transactions, constituting continuing connected
transactions as defined in the Listing Rules, and they are required to be disclosed in accordance with
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The Company confirms that the execution and enforcement of specific
agreements under the continuing connected transactions during the following Reporting Period have followed
the pricing principles of such continuing connected transactions.




                                                                                                            53
TravelSky Technology Limited




REPORT OF DIRECTORS




a)   The Data Centre Tenancy Contract entered in between the Company and CTCD
     China TravelSky Holding is the promoter and a substantial shareholder of the Company. It holds
     approximately 29.55% of the issued share capital of the Company. China TravelSky Cloud Data
     Company Limited* (中航信雲數據有限公司) (“CTCD”) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of China TravelSky
     Holding. Thus, CTCD is a connected person of the Company.

     As stated in the announcement of the Company dated September 1 and December 28, 2022, Centre
     Tenancy Contract on a Disaster Recovery Project of TravelSky (“Old Data Centre Tenancy Contract”)
     entered into between the Company and CTCD on September 1, 2022, CTCD has agreed to lease racks in
     the server room 2FM3 of the Jiaxing Data Centre to the Company for three years from September 1,
     2022 to August 31, 2025. On December 28, 2022, the Company entered into the Supplemental
     Agreement to the Old Data Centre Tenancy Contract with CTCD, pursuant to which CTCD has agreed to
     lease additional racks in the server rooms 2FM1 and 2FM4 of the Jiaxing Data Centre to the Company
     for a period from January 1, 2023 to August 31, 2025.

     Thus, pursuant to the Listing Rules, the proposed transactions under the Data Centre Tenancy Contract
     (including the Old Data Centre Tenancy Contract and the Supplementary Agreement) constitute the
     continuing connected transactions of the Company.

     Date:                  the Old Data Centre Tenancy Contract was entered into on September 1, 2022,
                            and the Supplemental Agreement was entered into on December 28, 2022

     Term:                  the Old Data Centre Tenancy Contract has a term of three years from September
                            1, 2022 to August 31, 2025, and the Supplemental Agreement has a term from
                            January 1, 2023 to August 31, 2025. The Company has the right to renew the
                            term by negotiating with CTCD one month prior to expiry of the term.

     Parties:               CTCD, as the lessor; and the Company, as the tenant.

     Rental fees (tax       racks in the server rooms 2FM3, 2FM1 and 2FM4 of the Jiaxing Data Centre.
       inclusive, and tax   Among which, the rental fees per 3KW rack per month is RMB3,975 (80 racks) or
       rate is 6%):         RMB3,675 (123 racks). The rental fees per 4KW rack per month is RMB4,700 (381
                            racks) or RMB4,400 (447 racks). The rental fees per 5KW rack per month is
                            RMB5,425 (52 racks) or RMB5,125 (29 racks). The rental fees per 8KW rack per
                            month is RMB9,100 (60 racks).

                            Since the commencement date of the lease term, CTCD charges the rack rental
                            fees according to the number of racks used by the Company and the actual
                            number of days of use of racks on a monthly basis. Rental fees for each batch of
                            racks for the first month = (monthly fees/the number of days of the month)*
                            actual number of days to use these racks, which shall be rounded up to the
                            single digit and the nearest whole number. The fees shall be charged normally
                            on a monthly basis from the next month.




54
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024




                                                                                                   REPORT OF DIRECTORS




                             From the commencement date of the lease term, for the racks reserved but not
                             used by the Company in server room 2FM3, CTCD charges the rack rental fees at
                             a concessionary rate of RMB2,256 per rack per month (tax inclusive, and tax rate
                             is 6%); for the racks reserved but not used by the Company in server room
                             2FM1, CTCD charges the rack rental fees at a concessionary rate of RMB2,256
                             per rack per month (tax inclusive, and tax rate is 6%); and for the racks reserved
                             but not used by the Company in 2FM4 server room, CTCD charges the rack
                             rental fees at a concessionary rate of RMB1,956 per rack per month (tax
                             inclusive, and tax rate is 6%).

Additional charges:          The monthly average power of each rack shall not exceed 3KW, 4KW, 5KW and
                             8KW in principle; if exceed, additional fees for the excess thereof shall be
                             charged at a price of RMB219 per rack per month (tax inclusive, and tax rate is
                             6%).

Payment terms:               The rack rental fees shall be settled on a basis of calendar quarter. The
                             Company shall pay the fees of last quarter to CTCD within 30 calendar days upon
                             the receipt of invoice specifically used for value-added tax from CTCD. Any
                             additional charges incurred shall be settled together. If the payment of the rack
                             rental fees and additional charges (if any), is one week overdue but the Company
                             still fails to make payment without proper reasons, the Company shall pay an
                             overdue penalty or a default fine of 0.01% of the amounts payable to CTCD for
                             each of the overdue days.

From January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024, the rack rental fee of this continuing connected
transaction was approximately RMB39,616 thousand (the annual cap was RMB40,000 thousand), and the
amount of additional charges was approximately RMB0 thousand (the annual cap was RMB1,000
thousand).

Notes:


(1)      Pursuant to CASBE, the racks leased under the New Data Centre Tenancy Contract shall be recognised as right-of-use
         assets. Annual caps of the rack rental are set based on the total value of the right-of-use assets of racks expected
         to be leased by the Company in each year, which is calculated with reference to the total annual rentals of racks
         leased by the Company each year throughout the lease term, and based on discount of the Company’s incremental
         borrowing rate.


(2)      Pursuant to CASBE, the additional charges shall be directly included in costs due to failing to meet the definition of
         lease payment, and its annual caps shall be maximum amount of the additional charges to be paid by the Company
         to CTCD during relevant period.




                                                                                                                           55
TravelSky Technology Limited




REPORT OF DIRECTORS




(b) Services Agreement in relation to the provision of cloud services and computer
    system services by the Company to TravelSky Mobile Tech
     As stated in the announcement of the Company dated July 28, 2023, TravelSky Mobile Tech Limited
     (“TravelSky Mobile Tech”) is a 30%-controlled company of China TravelSky Holding, a substantial
     shareholder of the Company, and is therefore a connected person of the Company. The Company
     entered into the Service Agreement with TravelSky Mobile Tech in relation to the provision of cloud
     services and computer system services by the Company to TravelSky Mobile Tech. The transactions
     thereunder constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under the Listing Rules.

     Date:                 October 8, 2016 (as supplemented by the supplemental agreement dated May 26,
                           2020) and renewed on July 29, 2021 and July 28, 2023, respectively

     Term:                 As stated in the announcement of the Company dated June 29, 2020, the term of
                           the Service Agreement between the Company and TravelSky Mobile Tech is from
                           August 1, 2016 to July 31, 2021. Pursuant to the supplemental agreement dated
                           May 26, 2020, if the Company and TravelSky Mobile Tech have no objection, the
                           Service Agreement may be renewed for two years upon expiration.

                           As stated in the announcement of the Company dated July 29, 2021, the Board
                           agreed to extend the term of the transactions under the Service Agreement for
                           two years from August 1, 2021 to July 31, 2023 upon the expiry of the existing
                           term on July 31, 2021.

                           As stated in the announcement of the Company dated July 28, 2023, the Board
                           agreed to extend the term of the transactions under the Service Agreement for
                           three years from August 1, 2023 to July 31, 2026 upon the expiry of the existing
                           term on July 31, 2023.

     Scope of services:    The Company continuously provides cloud services and computer system services
                           to TravelSky Mobile Tech, mainly including, the provision of cloud computing
                           infrastructure services (including but not limited to the lease of related servers,
                           provision of storage services and ancillary database, backup and disaster
                           recovery, computer room and operation and maintenance services), and services
                           relating to advanced interactive executive for engines in cloud industry, etc.




56
                                                                                   Annual Report 2024




                                                                               REPORT OF DIRECTORS




Service fees:       The pricing of the aforementioned provision of services is determined through
                    arm’s length negotiation between the Company and TravelSky Mobile Tech with
                    reference to the costs relating to the specific services and the processing volume
                    and complexity of such services, and after taking into account the market
                    conditions from time to time. Based on the actual situation of market price level
                    and cost accounting data, the Company will update the quotation standard of the
                    relevant services semi-annually. In particular, for cloud computing infrastructure
                    services, the pricing relating to the lease of related servers depends on the
                    calculation performance (such as the kernels and memories) and operation and
                    maintenance level of specific servers (the more advanced the calculation
                    performance and operation and maintenance level involved, the higher the cost),
                    and the unit price ranges from RMB1,234.09 per year (inclusive of tax) to
                    RMB11,842.03 per year (inclusive of tax); and the pricing of the storage services
                    depends on the storage capacity and storage performance (the more advanced
                    the storage capacity and storage performance involved, the higher the cost), and
                    the unit price ranges from RMB2.41 per year (inclusive of tax) to RMB123.66 per
                    year (inclusive of tax); the miscellaneous fees will be charged for other ancillary
                    services in accordance with the pricing principles mentioned above; and the unit
                    price rates of advanced interactive executive for engines in cloud industry shall
                    not be higher than RMB2.15 (inclusive of tax), with tiered pricing (i.e. the higher
                    the transaction volume, the lower the unit rate, if applicable) being adopted for
                    the relevant services. Pursuant to the Service Agreement, TravelSky Mobile Tech
                    shall pay the Company an annual minimum guaranteed service fee of not less
                    than RMB40,000,000 for the above services, and the above minimum guaranteed
                    service fee shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days if the
                    service is provided for less than one year. If the actual service fee payable
                    exceeds the above guaranteed service fee, the actual service fee shall be paid.
                    The calculation method of the guaranteed service fee was determined after arm’s
                    length negotiations between the Company and TravelSky Mobile Tech with
                    reference to the unit rate, historical transaction volume and future business
                    needs of each of the above services.

Payment terms:      The service fees for the above services are generally calculated on a semi-
                    annual or monthly basis and settled to the designated bank account of the
                    Company. Before TravelSky Mobile Tech became a connected person of the
                    Company, the Company provided the above services free of charge as TravelSky
                    Mobile Tech was a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Pursuant to the
                    Supplemental Agreement to the Service Agreement, after TravelSky Mobile Tech
                    becomes a connected person of the Company, the service fees shall be charged
                    by the Company in accordance with the above pricing terms.

From January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024, the transaction amount of this continuing connected
transaction was approximately RMB52,337 thousand (the transaction cap was RMB144,000 thousand).




                                                                                                   57
TravelSky Technology Limited




REPORT OF DIRECTORS




(c) Service Framework Agreement in relation to the purchase of technology, products
    and maintenance services by the Company from TravelSky Mobile Tech
     As stated in the announcement of the Company dated January 31, 2024, the Company entered into the
     Service Framework Agreement with TravelSky Mobile Tech, pursuant to which TravelSky Mobile Tech
     agreed to provide technology development, product research and development, technical support and
     operation and maintenance services thereunder to the Company for a term of period from January 31,
     2024 to December 31, 2025.

     Date:                 January 31, 2024

     Term:                 January 31, 2024 to December 31, 2025

     Scope of services     (1) Technology development services: If the Company engages the professionals
       and charges:            of TravelSky Mobile Tech to provide product development and other services
                               for the Company’s customers such as airlines and airports, the Company
                               may pay TravelSky Mobile Tech technology development service fees, and
                               may negotiate and sign the Technology Service Cooperation Agreement for
                               relevant services. The remuneration of labour services is determined with
                               reference to the standard of labour fees formulated by the Company. The
                               price of labour support is formulated with reference to the standard of
                               labour type, personnel level, geographical distribution, standard of labour
                               fees, and labour cost which is determined based on the workload and
                               difficulty of work.

                           (2) Product research and development, technical support and operation and
                               maintenance services:

                               i.    If, based on business needs, products developed by TravelSky Mobile Tech
                                     shall be included into the Company’s brand product series, and the
                                     Company shall pay fees to TravelSky Mobile Tech, both parties may
                                     separately agree on the specific work details in writing according to the
                                     actual needs of specific projects and site conditions. For example,
                                     internet information technology and system, data service technology and
                                     system, artificial intelligence technology and system, blockchain
                                     technology and system, etc.;

                               ii.   If TravelSky Mobile Tech promotes, markets, sells the products of the
                                     Company, the Company shall pay fees to TravelSky Mobile Tech. Both
                                     parties shall enter into product service and maintenance contracts for
                                     specific products at the agreed price. Based on the usage requirements
                                     of the products, after fully considering the cost and benefit, and with
                                     reference to the market conditions, both parties shall negotiate and
                                     confirm separately in writing; and




58
                                                                                     Annual Report 2024




                                                                                 REPORT OF DIRECTORS




                          iii. If TravelSky Mobile Tech is entrusted by the Company to provide system
                               operation and maintenance services to the Company or its customers,
                               the Company shall pay fees to TravelSky Mobile Tech. Both parties shall
                               determine the relevant fees through negotiation based on the external
                               revenue, market efficiency, project costs, and task objectives of the
                               project and with reference to the market conditions, and separately
                               confirm the service standards, fees and payment arrangements in
                               writing.

Pricing principles:   (1) Where the relevant services are regulated by the government regulatory
                      authorities, the fees shall be charged in accordance with the charging standards
                      (prescribed prices) prescribed by government regulatory authorities (e.g. Civil
                      Aviation Administration of China (“CAAC”)); (2) If there is a recommended
                      guidance price from the government regulatory authorities, both parties shall
                      negotiate and formulate the charging standards with reference to the
                      recommended guidance price; and (3) If the government regulatory authorities do
                      not have a prescribed price or guidance price, or the government-prescribed
                      price or guidance price is cancelled or no longer applicable, both parties shall
                      manually calculate the fees for technology development, product research and
                      development, technical support and operation and maintenance services on the
                      basis of not higher than the market price (if any) or the original government-
                      prescribed price or guidance price with reference to the Internal Contract
                      Management Regulations of Travelsky Technology Limited 《    ( 中國民航信息網絡股
                      份有限公司內部合約管理規範》). The labour cost standard shall be calculated
                      according to the internal contract labour cost standard of the Company for the
                      year. According to the current Internal Contract Labour Cost Standard of
                      Travelsky Technology Limited for 2022 《 ( 中國民航信息網絡股份有限公司2022年內
                      部合約人工費用標準》) and with reference to the qualifications and experience of
                      personnel required by the complexity and difficulty of the project, the labour cost
                      per capita is estimated to be between RMB14,270 per month and RMB37,800 per
                      month. The Company and TravelSky Mobile Tech may negotiate to adjust the
                      labour cost standard by 10% depending on the difficulties of the project. If a
                      third-party customer is willing to pay the implementation or operation and
                      maintenance expenses separately due to market reasons, the labour standard
                      can be referred to the agreement between the Company and the third-party
                      customer, or the above internal contract labour standard; and (4) If China
                      TravelSky Mobile Tech is considered a connected person of the Company under
                      the Listing Rules, then all transaction terms under that agreement must be
                      established based on ‘normal commercial terms’ (as defined in the Listing Rules)
                      and shall not be less favorable than the terms provided by the Company to
                      independent third parties or those received from them.




                                                                                                      59
TravelSky Technology Limited




REPORT OF DIRECTORS




     Payment terms:        (1) Both parties may enter into separate specific agreements (the “Sub-
                               agreements”) in accordance with the above “Scope of services and charges”
                               and “Charging principles”, and implement the payment terms in the Sub-
                               agreements.

                           (2) If both parties do not enter into a Sub-agreement:

                               i.    The payee shall issue the bill to the payer within 5 working days after the
                                     end of each settlement cycle (monthly, quarterly and annual) as agreed
                                     by both parties. The payer shall make the payment within 10 working
                                     days after receiving the bill unless either party disagrees.

                               ii.   For system installation and debugging projects, the corresponding fees
                                     shall be paid according to the completion progress and acceptance
                                     results of the projects.

     From January 31, 2024 to December 31, 2024, the transaction amount of this continuing connected
     transaction was approximately RMB14,730 thousand (the annual cap was RMB90,000 thousand).

(d) Service Framework Agreement in relation to China Transport Information
    providing technology development, technical support and operation and
    maintenance services for the Company
     As stated in the announcement of the Company dated December 13, 2022 and December 29, 2023, on
     December 13, 2022, the Company entered into the Service Framework Agreement with China Transport
     Information Co., Ltd. (“China Transport Information”), pursuant to which China Transport Information
     agreed to provide technology development, technical support and operation and maintenance services to
     the Company thereunder for a term of one year from December 13, 2022 to December 12, 2023. On
     December 28, 2023, the Board agreed to extend the term from January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2025
     upon the expiry of the existing term under the agreement on December 12, 2023. China Transport
     Information is a 30%-controlled company of CTHCL, the substantial Shareholder of the Company. China
     Transport Information is therefore a connected person of the Company. As such, the transactions
     contemplated under the Service Framework Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions of
     the Company under the Listing Rules.

     Date:                 December 13, 2022 and renewed on December 29, 2023

     Term:                 December 13, 2022 to December 12, 2023 and (after the extension) January 1,
                           2024 to December 31, 2025




60
                                                                                   Annual Report 2024




                                                                              REPORT OF DIRECTORS




Scope of services   (1) Technology development services: If the Company engages the professionals
  and charges:           of China Transport Information to provide product development and other
                         services for the Company’s customers such as airlines and airports, the
                         Company may pay China Transport Information technology development
                         service fees, and may negotiate and sign the Technology Service Cooperation
                         Agreement for relevant services. The remuneration of labour services is
                         determined with reference to the standard of labour fees formulated by the
                         Company. The price of labour support is formulated with reference to the
                         standard of labour type, personnel level, geographical distribution, standard
                         of labour fees, and labour cost which is determined based on the workload
                         and difficulty of work.

                    (2) Technical support and operation and maintenance services:

                        i.    If China Transport Information promotes, markets, sells the products of
                              the Company, the Company shall pay fees to China Transport
                              Information. Both parties shall enter into product service and
                              maintenance contracts for specific products at the agreed price. Based
                              on the usage requirements of the products, after fully considering the
                              cost and benefit, and with reference to the market conditions, both
                              parties shall negotiate and confirm separately in writing; and

                        ii.   If China Transport Information is entrusted by the Company to provide
                              system operation and maintenance services to the Company or its
                              customers, the Company shall pay fees to China Transport Information.
                              Both parties shall determine the relevant fees through negotiation based
                              on the external revenue, market efficiency, project costs, and task
                              objectives of the project and with reference to the market conditions,
                              and separately confirm the service standards, fees and payment
                              arrangements in writing.




                                                                                                   61
TravelSky Technology Limited




REPORT OF DIRECTORS




     Pricing principles:   (1) Where the relevant services are regulated by government regulatory
                               authorities, the fees shall be charged in accordance with the charging
                               standards (prescribed prices) prescribed by the government regulatory
                               authorities (e.g. CAAC);

                           (2) If there is a recommended guidance price from the government regulatory
                               authorities, both parties shall negotiate and formulate the charging
                               standards with reference to the recommended guidance price; and

                           (3) If the government regulatory authorities do not have a prescribed price or
                               guidance price, or the government-prescribed price or guidance price is
                               cancelled or no longer applicable, both parties shall manually calculate the
                               fees for technology development, technical support and operation and
                               maintenance services on the basis of not higher than the market price (if
                               any, the customised products or services provided by China Transport
                               Information to the Company shall have no market price for similar products
                               or services) or the original government-prescribed price or guidance price
                               with reference to the Internal Contract Management Regulations of Travelsky
                               Technology Limited 《    ( 中國民航信息網絡股份有限公司內部合約管理規範》).
                               The labour cost standard shall be calculated according to the internal
                               contract labour cost standard of the Company for the year. According to the
                               current Internal Contract Labour Cost Standard of Travelsky Technology
                               Limited for 2022 《 ( 中國民航信息網絡股份有限公司2022年內部合約人工費用
                               標準》) and with reference to the qualifications and experience of personnel
                               required by the complexity and difficulty of the project, the labour cost per
                               capita is estimated to be between RMB13,374 per month and RMB36,000 per
                               month. The Company and China Transport Information may negotiate to
                               adjust the labour cost standard by 5%-10% depending on the difficulties of
                               the project. If a third-party customer is willing to pay the implementation or
                               operation and maintenance expenses separately due to market reasons, the
                               labour standard can be referred to the agreement between the Company and
                               the third-party customer, or the above internal contract labour standard; and

                           (4) If China Transport Information is deemed as a connected person of the
                               Company under the Listing Rules, all terms of transactions hereunder must
                               be on a “normal commercial terms” basis (as defined under the Listing
                               Rules) and no less favorable to the Company than terms available to or from
                               independent third parties.




62
                                                                                              Annual Report 2024




                                                                                         REPORT OF DIRECTORS




      Payment terms:        (1) Both parties may enter into separate specific agreements in accordance with
                                the above “Scope of services and charges” and “Charging principles”, and
                                implement the payment terms in the specific agreements.

                            (2) If both parties do not enter into a specific agreement:

                                 i.    The payee shall issue the bill to the payer within 5 working days after the
                                       end of each settlement cycle (monthly, quarterly and annual) as agreed
                                       by both parties. The payer shall make the payment within 10 working
                                       days after receiving the bill unless either party disagrees.

                                 ii.   For system installation and debugging projects, the corresponding fees
                                       shall be paid according to the completion progress and acceptance
                                       results of the projects.

      From January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024, the transaction amount of this continuing connected
      transaction was approximately RMB5,398 thousand (the annual cap was RMB13,000 thousand).


ONE-OFF CONNECTED TRANSACTION
The Company leased properties from CTHCL
CTHCL is a substantial Shareholder of the Company and thus a connected person of the Company under the
Listing Rules. As stated in the announcement of the Company dated October 14, 2024, the Company leased
two properties from CTHCL:

(i)   The Company leased a property located in Dongsi, Beijing from CTHCL as a data center for the daily
      operation of the Company. The Company resigned the Beijing Dongsi Tenancy Agreement for a term of
      three years from January 1, 2025. The Company has the right to renew the term by submitting a written
      application to CTHCL three months prior to expiry of the term, and both parties will enter into a
      separate agreement. The Company may terminate all or part of the Beijing Tenancy Agreement in
      advance over the lease period, but CTHCL shall be notified in writing no less than three months in
      advance. Neither party shall be liable for breach of contract. Depending on the floor and regional
      usage, the usage fee for the Company to use the Beijing Dongsi Property per square meter per day
      ranged from RMB7.47 to RMB7.61. The usage fees shall be paid semi-annually. Pursuant to the Beijing
      Tenancy Agreement, the total rent for the three years ending December 31, 2027 amounted to
      RMB67,519,038.20 (tax exclusive), which was determined by the parties through arm’s length negotiation
      after having taken into account, among other things, the historical rent paid by the Company and the
      prevailing market rent rates for the Beijing Property as inquired by an independent valuer. In addition,
      the Company shall pay value added tax at a rate of 5% for rent. If the Company fails to make a due
      payment of the usage fees without reasonable cause, it should pay an overdue fine of 0.02% of the
      unsettled amount per day to CTHCL. The Company will bear the expenses of water, electricity, heating
      and communication incurred during its usage of Beijing Property.




                                                                                                              63
TravelSky Technology Limited




REPORT OF DIRECTORS




(ii)    The Company resigned the Shanghai Property Tenancy Agreement for a term of three years from January
        1, 2025. Depending on the floor and regional usage, the usage fee for the Company to use the
        Shanghai Property per square meter per day ranged from RMB4.33 to RMB4.60. The usage fees shall
        be paid semi-annually. Pursuant to the Shanghai Tenancy Agreement, the total rent for the three years
        ending December 31, 2027 amounted to RMB43,141,301.40 (tax exclusive), which was determined by the
        parties through arm’s length negotiation after having taken into account, among other things, the
        historical rent paid by the Company and the prevailing market rent rates for the Shanghai Property as
        inquired by an independent valuer. In addition, the Company shall pay value added tax at a rate of 5%
        for rent. If the Company fails to make a due payment of the usage fees without reasonable cause, it
        should pay an overdue fine of 0.02% of the unsettled amount per day to CTHCL. The Company will bear
        the expenses of property management, water, electricity, heating and communication incurred during its
        usage of Shanghai Property.

(iii)   Pursuant to China Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises, Beijing Property and Shanghai Property
        leased under the Tenancy Agreements will be recognised as right-of-use assets, in which the amount of
        approximately RMB63,990,266.81 for recognising the Beijing Property as right-of-use assets pursuant to
        the Beijing Tenancy Agreement and the amount of approximately RMB40,887,120.41 for recognising the
        Shanghai Property as right-of-use assets pursuant to the Shanghai Tenancy Agreement.


AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE (SUPERVISION
COMMITTEE)
The Audit Committee of the Company has reviewed the accounting policies and practices adopted by the
Group and has also discussed certain other matters relating to audit and risk management, internal control
and financial reporting, including the review of the audited financial statements for Year 2024.


AUDITOR
As approved by the shareholders of the Company at the annual general meeting on June 20, 2024, BDO
China SHU LUN PAN Certified Public Accountants LLP (the “BDO China”) was appointed as the auditor
auditing the Company’s financial reports in accordance with the CASBE and discharge the duties as an
auditor under the Listing Rules, with a term of office until the conclusion of the 2024 annual general
meeting of the Company.

According to the Financial Reporting Council Ordinance (Cap 588) of Hong Kong effective on October 1, 2019,
BDO China engaged by the Company is a recognised PRC auditor. BDO China is a firm of practicing
accountants which has been approved by the Ministry of Finance of the PRC and the China Securities
Regulatory Commission and is eligible to provide auditing services by using the CASBE to the mainland
incorporated issuers listed in Hong Kong.




64
                                                                                     Annual Report 2024




                                                                                 REPORT OF DIRECTORS




The Audit Committee proposed to re-appoint BDO China as the PRC auditor of the Group for the year 2025.

The Company has not changed its PRC auditor from Year 2018 to Year 2024. The Company engaged BDO
Limited as the international auditor of the Company from Year 2018 to Year 2020.




By Order of the Board
Huang Rongshun
Chairman

March 27, 2025




                                                                                                     65
TravelSky Technology Limited




REPORT OF SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE

Dear shareholders,

For the year ended December 31, 2024, members of the Supervisory Committee of the Company have
diligently performed their duties during their tenures to ensure that the Company has observed and complied
with the Listing Rules, the laws and regulations of the PRC, the Articles and other relevant rules and
regulations to protect the interests of the Company and its shareholders.

According to the Articles, the Supervisory Committee of the Company comprises three supervisors with a
term of three years. The number of employee representative supervisors is more than one-third of the
number of members of the Supervisory Committee.

The seventh session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company convened two meetings in Year 2024. The
Supervisory Committee reviewed the Company’s annual consolidated financial statements for Year 2023,
change of the shareholder representative supervisor, interim financial statements for Year 2024, attended the
Board meetings and general meetings of the Company, and undertook the responsibility to monitor the
policies and decisions made by the Board to determine whether they were in compliance with the Listing
Rules, the laws and regulations of the PRC and the Articles, and whether they were in the interest of the
Company and the shareholders, and offered proper suggestions to the Board and the management. For the
work of the Supervisory Committee, please also refer to the section headed “Supervisory Committee” in the
“Corporate Governance Report”.

As stated in the announcements of the Company dated August 28, 2024 and January 23, 2025, as considered
and approved at the extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on January 23, 2025, Mr. Yang Jun
ceased to serve as the shareholder representative supervisor of the Company while Mr. Lyu Wei was
appointed as the shareholder representative supervisor of the Company.

The seventh session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company is comprised of: (i) Mr. Zhang Xin acting
as the employee representative supervisor of the seventh session of the Supervisory Committee of the
Company; and (ii) Mr. Bai Bin and Mr. Lyu Wei acting as the supervisors of the seventh session of the
Supervisory Committee of the Company.

On March 27, 2025, the seventh session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company reviewed the
Company’s financial statements for Year 2024, and considered that the financial statements gave a true and
fair view of the financial position and operation results of the Company and that they were in compliance
with the regulations applicable to the Company. The seventh session of the Supervisory Committee confirmed
that the Company had not been involved in any material litigation or arbitration, and there were no litigations
or claims of material importance pending or threatened by or against the Company in Year 2024.

The Supervisory Committee considered that the Board and the senior management of the Company were
committed to acting honestly and to performing their duties diligently during Year 2024, such that the best
interests of the Company and the shareholders were protected. The Supervisory Committee considered that
the Report of Directors for the year ended December 31, 2024 reflected the actual operational circumstances
of the Company. The Supervisory Committee has great confidence in the future prospects and development of
the Company.




66
                                                                                     Annual Report 2024




                                                                  REPORT OF SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE




The list of supervisors is set out in the section headed “Corporate Information” and the biographies of
supervisors of the seventh session of the Supervisory Committee are set out in the section headed
“Biographies of Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Company Secretary” in this annual report.




The Supervisory Committee

March 27, 2025




                                                                                                    67
TravelSky Technology Limited




AUDITORS’ REPORT

                                                                                  PCPAR [2025] No. ZK10045


TO ALL SHAREHOLDERS OF TRAVELSKY TECHNOLOGY LIMITED:

I    OPINION
     We have audited the financial statements of TravelSky Technology Limited (hereinafter referred to as the
     “TravelSky”), including the consolidated balance sheet and the balance sheet of the parent company as
     at December 31, 2024, the consolidated income statement and the income statement of the parent
     company, the consolidated statement of cash flows and statement of cash flows of the parent company,
     the consolidated statement of changes in shareholders’ equity and the statement of changes in
     shareholders’ equity of the parent company for the year then ended and the relevant notes to the
     financial statements.

     In our opinion, the financial statements attached are prepared, in all material respects, in accordance
     with the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises, and present fairly the consolidated financial
     positions and the parent company’s financial positions as at December 31, 2024 and the consolidated
     operating results and cash flows and the parent company’s operating results and cash flows for the
     year then ended.


II   BASIS FOR OUR OPINION
     We conducted our audit in accordance with the Auditing Standards for Certified Public Accountants of
     China. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditors’ Responsibilities
     for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of this auditors’ report. According to the Code of
     Ethics for Certified Public Accountants of China, we are independent of the Company, and we have
     fulfilled other responsibilities in the aspect of code of ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we
     have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion.


III KEY AUDIT MATTERS
     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our
     audit of the financial statements for the current period. The response to these matters is based on the
     overall audit of the financial statements and the formation of audit opinions. We do not express our
     opinions on these matters separately.

     We determine to communicate the following key audit matters in the auditors’ report:

     (I)    Revenue

     (II)   Research and development expenses




68
                                                                                      Annual Report 2024




                                                                                      AUDITORS’ REPORT




III KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)
   Key Audit Matters                                 How the audit addressed the matter

   (I)   Revenue

   See Note 3.25 for disclosures of accounting policy The key audit procedures we performed with
   on revenue recognition.                            respect to revenue recognition included:

   TravelSky’s financial statements for fiscal year (1)    Testing and evaluating the design and operating
   2024 presented operating revenues of                    effectiveness of TravelSky’s key internal
   RMB882,302.33 ten thousand. According to                controls relating to revenue recognition;
   TravelSky’s accounting policies: civil aviation
   information technology services, settlement and (2)     Selecting a sample of sales contracts,
   clearing services and data network services are         identifying the key transactional terms of the
   recognized as revenue on a monthly basis in the         contracts, and evaluating whether the point in
   course of providing the services; system                time of revenue recognition of TravelSky is in
   integration services, where the project operation       compliance with the provisions of the
   time is generally shorter, are usually adopted to       accounting standards for enterprises;
   recognize the revenue after the customer’s
   acceptance.                                       (3)   Implement revenue detail testing by selecting
                                                           samples from the details of operating revenue
   Operating revenue is an important component of          and verifying the consistency with the billing
   the income statement, and we therefore consider         records generated by the business system; and
   revenue recognition as a key audit matter.              verifying the contracts or orders, sales
                                                           invoices, delivery and signing records or
                                                           acceptance reports;

                                                     (4)   Perform correspondence procedures for major
                                                           customers in 2024;

                                                     (5)   Perform cut-off tests on revenues to confirm
                                                           that revenues are charged to the correct
                                                           accounting period.




                                                                                                       69
TravelSky Technology Limited




AUDITORS’ REPORT




III KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)
     Key Audit Matters                                 How the audit addressed the matter

     (II)   Research and development expenses

     The accounting policies and disclosures for The procedures we performed for research and
     research and development expenses are set forth development expenses included:
     in Note 3.18 to the financial statements.
                                                        (1) Understanding, evaluating and testing the
     The research and development expenses reported         design and implementation of management’s
     in the financial statements of TravelSky for the       internal controls over research and
     year 2024 amounted to RMB82,463.68 ten                 development expenses;
     thousand. Research and development activities are
     one of the main operating activities of TravelSky, (2) Reviewing management’s records of decisions
     and their truthfulness, completeness and               made with respect to the establishment of
     correctness as of the cut-off have a significant       research and development projects and
     impact on the financial statements; therefore, we      approval of budgets;
     identified the above matter as a key audit matter.
                                                        (3) Comparing research and development
                                                            expenses from period to period and analyzing
                                                            abnormal changes and their reasons in light of
                                                            the project’s research and development
                                                            progress;

                                                       (4)   Sampling documents such as contracts,
                                                             invoices and payment documents of
                                                             commissioned third-party research and
                                                             development services to check the accuracy of
                                                             expenses;

                                                       (5)   Sampling checking of financial vouchers for
                                                             research and development expenditures to
                                                             verify whether the approval of the amount of
                                                             expenditures is complete, and whether the
                                                             scope of labor cost pooling and invoices for
                                                             expenditures are in line with the budget
                                                             contents;

                                                       (6)   Reviewing the calculation and apportionment of
                                                             depreciation, employee remuneration, etc. to
                                                             check the accuracy of expenses incurred;

                                                       (7)   Conducting cut-off tests for research and
                                                             development expenses.




70
                                                                                        Annual Report 2024




                                                                                       AUDITORS’ REPORT




IV OTHER INFORMATION
    The management of the Company (hereinafter referred to as “the Management”) is responsible for other
    information. The other information comprises the information covered in the 2024 annual report of the
    Company, but excludes the financial statements and our auditors’ report.

    Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information, and we do not and will
    not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

    In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
    information identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially
    inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears
    to be materially misstated.

    If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of
    this auditors’ report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we
    are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


V   RESPONSIBILITIES OF MANAGEMENT AND THOSE CHARGED WITH
    GOVERNANCE FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    The Management is responsible for preparing the financial statements in accordance with the
    requirements of Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises to achieve a fair presentation, and for
    designing, implementing and maintaining internal control that is necessary to ensure that the financial
    statements are free from material misstatements, whether due to frauds or errors.

    In preparing the financial statements, the Management is responsible for assessing the ability of the
    Company to continue as a going concern, disclosing matters related to going concern (if applicable) and
    using the going concern basis of accounting, unless the Management either intends to liquidate the
    Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

    Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the financial reporting process of the
    Company.




                                                                                                        71
TravelSky Technology Limited




AUDITORS’ REPORT




VI AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS
     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole
     are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report
     that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee
     that an audit conducted in accordance with the audit standards will always detect a material
     misstatement when it exists. Misstatements may arise from fraud or error and are generally considered
     material if separate or aggregated misstatements are reasonably expected to possibly influence the
     economic decisions made by the users of financial statements on the basis of these financial
     statements.

     During the process of an audit conducted in accordance with audit standards, we exercise professional
     judgment and maintain professional scepticism. We also perform the following work:

     (1)   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to
           fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
           evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not
           detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from
           error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the
           override of internal control.

     (2)   Understand the internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
           appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
           effectiveness of the internal control.

     (3)   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
           estimates and related disclosures made by the Management.

     (4)   Conclude on the appropriateness of the Management’s use of the going-concern assumption.
           Meanwhile, according to the audit evidence acquired, the management comes to conclusion on
           matters which may cause significant misgiving against the going-concern ability of the Company or
           whether the said situation exists material uncertainty or not. If we conclude that a material
           uncertainty exists, we are required to, in our auditors’ report, draw attention of the users of
           statements to the related disclosures in the financial statements; if such disclosures are
           inadequate, we should modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence
           obtained up to the date of our auditors’ report. However, future events or conditions may cause
           the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.




72
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024




                                                                                                     AUDITORS’ REPORT




VI AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
   (5)   Evaluate the overall presentation (including the disclosures), structure and content of the financial
         statements, and evaluate whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions
         and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

   (6)   We have acquired sufficient and proper audit evidence in regard to financial information relating to
         entity or business activities of the Company to give the audit opinion on the financial statements.
         We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain
         solely responsible for our audit opinion.

   We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned
   scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in
   internal control that we identify during our audit.

   We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant
   ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and
   other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and related safeguards (if
   applicable).

   From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that
   were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are
   therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditors’ report, unless these
   matters are forbidden by laws and regulations to be disclosed or in extremely rare circumstances,
   when the negative impact arising from the reasonable and expected communication about a certain
   matter in a auditors’ report exceeds the public interest benefits arising therefrom, we determine that
   such matter should not be communicated in the auditors’ report.




    BDO CHINA Shu Lun Pan                                       Certified Public Accountant of China:
    Certified Public Accountants LLP                            Gao Fei (Project Partner)

                                                                Certified Public Accountant of China:
                                                                Yang Yinhua

    Shanghai, China                                             March 27, 2025

  This auditors’ report and the accompanying financial statements are English translations of the Chinese auditors’ report
  and statutory financial statements prepared under accounting principles and practices generally accepted in the People’s
  Republic of China. In case the English version does not conform to the Chinese version, the Chinese version shall prevail.




                                                                                                                        73
TravelSky Technology Limited




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
As at December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


                                                                            As at                  As at
                                                                     December 31,           December 31,
 Assets                                               Notes                 2024                   2023
 Current assets:
   Cash and bank balances                              5.1       10,548,986,496.67        7,367,554,453.37
   Balances with clearing companies
   Loans to banks and other financial institutions
   Financial assets held for trading                   5.2        2,218,192,945.21        3,504,856,849.32
   Derivative financial assets
   Notes receivable                                    5.3          269,118,893.54          219,778,295.29
   Accounts receivable                                 5.4        4,959,275,042.63        4,519,511,976.11
   Receivables financing
   Advances to suppliers                               5.5           72,999,193.03          131,724,745.10
   Premiums receivable
   Reinsurance accounts receivable
   Reinsurance contract reserves receivable
   Other receivables                                   5.6        2,100,223,581.75        1,967,334,228.40
   Financial assets purchased under resale
     agreements
   Inventories                                         5.7           81,686,792.62           85,941,278.65
   Including: Data resources
   Contract assets                                     5.8           44,000,852.27           32,869,548.08
   Assets held for sale
   Non-current assets maturing within one year        5.9                                   107,231,444.45
   Other current assets                               5.10          203,727,383.98          189,402,222.38

 Total current assets                                            20,498,211,181.70       18,126,205,041.15

 Non-current assets:
   Disbursements of loans and advances
   Debt investments
   Other debt investments
   Long-term receivables
   Long-term equity investments                       5.11          899,875,105.43          741,789,319.20
   Investments in other equity instruments            5.12        1,004,312,400.00          830,473,800.00
   Other non-current financial assets                 5.13        1,017,411,627.32          786,903,313.48
   Investment properties                              5.14           84,971,063.92           93,865,533.54
   Fixed assets                                       5.15        2,784,164,532.52        3,192,828,763.30
   Construction in progress                           5.16           37,609,010.67           20,897,853.51
   Productive biological assets
   Oil and gas assets
   Right-of-use assets                                5.17           43,889,847.06          145,919,481.50
   Intangible assets                                  5.18        2,004,840,572.58        2,447,136,686.49
   Including: Data resources                                         26,650,781.13
   Development expenditures                            6.2           49,791,772.44           25,559,215.96
   Including: Data resources
   Goodwill                                           5.19              260,400.76              260,400.76
   Long-term deferred expenses                        5.20           25,919,254.65            4,323,367.68
   Deferred tax assets                                5.21          592,031,037.44          569,294,736.60
   Other non-current assets                           5.22          651,357,806.69          514,671,917.81

 Total non-current assets                                         9,196,434,431.48        9,373,924,389.83

 Total assets                                                    29,694,645,613.18       27,500,129,430.98


The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

Legal Representative: Huang Rongshun     Chief Accountant: Liu Xianqing     Accountant in Charge: Zheng Wei


74
                                                                                          Annual Report 2024




                                                          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                   As at December 31, 2024
                                                     (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


                                                                              As at                 As at
                                                                       December 31,          December 31,
Liabilities and Shareholders’ equity                     Notes                2024                  2023
Current liabilities:
  Short-term borrowings                                  5.24       1,203,300,592.42        751,589,902.50
  Borrowings from central bank
  Loans from banks and other financial
    institutions
  Financial liabilities held for trading
  Derivative financial liabilities
  Notes payable
  Accounts payable                                       5.25       2,187,400,166.94       2,245,559,174.77
  Advances from customers
  Contract liabilities                                   5.26         645,608,277.80        890,290,731.73
  Financial assets sold under repurchase
    agreements
  Absorption of deposits and interbank deposits
  Receiving from vicariously traded securities
  Receiving from vicariously sold securities
  Employee compensation payable                          5.27         290,568,224.21         240,297,916.39
  Taxes payable                                          5.28         181,366,693.57         264,618,903.72
  Other payables                                         5.29       1,951,988,472.80       1,647,405,374.72
  Handling charges and commissions payable
  Reinsurance accounts payable
  Liabilities held for sale
  Non-current liabilities maturing within one year       5.30         241,577,991.50        109,423,596.99
  Other current liabilities                              5.31          22,905,296.79         44,307,925.16


Total current liabilities                                           6,724,715,716.03       6,193,493,525.98




                                                                                                         75
TravelSky Technology Limited




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
As at December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


                                                                             As at                 As at
                                                                      December 31,          December 31,
 Liabilities and Shareholders’ equity                  Notes                 2024                  2023
 Non-current liabilities:
   Reserves for insurance contracts
   Long-term borrowings                                5.32                                 200,213,888.89
   Bonds payable
   Including: Preferred stock
              Perpetual bonds
   Lease liabilities                                   5.33            8,253,574.18          50,581,025.30
   Long-term payables                                  5.34              400,237.65             420,237.65
   Long-term employee compensation payable
   Provisions                                          5.35               20,000.00              20,000.00
   Deferred income                                     5.36              172,500.00           1,221,182.50
   Deferred tax liabilities                            5.21           64,097,885.48          35,585,239.45
   Other non-current liabilities


 Total non-current liabilities                                        72,944,197.31         288,041,573.79


 Total liabilities                                                 6,797,659,913.34       6,481,535,099.77


 Shareholders’ equity:
   Share capital                                       5.37        2,926,209,589.00       2,926,209,589.00
   Other equity instruments
   Including: Preferred stock
              Perpetual bonds
   Capital reserves                                    5.38        1,267,468,110.48       1,192,037,425.52
   Less: Treasury stock
   Other comprehensive income                          5.39           98,947,549.31         –53,239,516.76
   Special reserves
   Surplus reserves                                    5.40        4,509,067,403.87       4,221,794,668.50
   General risk reserves                               5.41           13,260,933.32          13,260,933.32
   Retained earnings                                   5.42       13,489,875,636.21      12,171,069,311.04
   Total equity attributable to shareholders of the
     Company                                                      22,304,829,222.19      20,471,132,410.62
   Non-controlling interests                                         592,156,477.65         547,461,920.59


 Total shareholders’ equity                                       22,896,985,699.84      21,018,594,331.21


 Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                       29,694,645,613.18      27,500,129,430.98


The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

Legal Representative: Huang Rongshun      Chief Accountant: Liu Xianqing    Accountant in Charge: Zheng Wei


76
                                                                                         Annual Report 2024




STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE PARENT COMPANY
                                                                               As at December 31, 2024
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


                                                                            As at                  As at
                                                                     December 31,           December 31,
 Assets                                               Notes                 2024                   2023
 Current assets:
   Cash and bank balances                                         7,834,760,091.25        5,273,294,551.65
   Financial assets held for trading                              2,218,192,945.21        3,504,856,849.32
   Derivative financial assets
   Notes receivable                                                 256,140,522.44          217,860,615.29
   Accounts receivable                                17.1        4,501,083,064.12        4,000,617,002.34
   Receivables financing
   Advances to suppliers                                             85,883,638.82          151,764,729.50
   Other receivables                                  17.2          364,757,247.16          372,833,833.95
   Inventories                                                       15,568,327.05              904,971.42
   Including: Data resources
   Contract assets                                                   43,718,738.10           17,745,067.68
   Assets held for sale
   Non-current assets maturing within one year
   Other current assets                                             112,254,358.64          114,332,035.60

 Total current assets                                            15,432,358,932.79       13,654,209,656.75

 Non-current assets:
   Debt investments
   Other debt investments
   Long-term receivables
   Long-term equity investments                       17.3        2,749,351,507.05        2,651,396,839.49
   Investment in other equity instruments                         1,004,312,400.00          830,473,800.00
   Other non-current financial assets                             1,017,411,627.32          786,903,313.48
   Investment properties                                             76,575,994.47           84,819,635.79
   Fixed assets                                                   2,368,661,653.66        2,751,976,758.66
   Construction in progress                                          37,708,067.27           20,996,910.11
   Productive biological assets
   Oil and gas assets
   Right-of-use assets                                               25,640,115.40          110,492,853.36
   Intangible assets                                              1,907,393,789.27        2,357,001,147.46
   Including: Data resources                                         26,650,781.13
   Development expenditures                                          29,133,718.79            1,213,519.67
   Including: Data resources
   Goodwill
   Long-term deferred expenses                                       23,246,289.52            3,108,165.81
   Deferred tax assets                                              577,152,101.52          561,109,497.83
   Other non-current assets

 Total non-current assets                                         9,816,587,264.27       10,159,492,441.66

 Total assets                                                    25,248,946,197.06       23,813,702,098.41


The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

Legal Representative: Huang Rongshun     Chief Accountant: Liu Xianqing     Accountant in Charge: Zheng Wei


                                                                                                        77
TravelSky Technology Limited




STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE PARENT COMPANY
As at December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


                                                                             As at                 As at
                                                                      December 31,          December 31,
 Liabilities and Shareholders’ equity                  Notes                 2024                  2023
 Current liabilities:
   Short-term borrowings
   Financial liabilities held for trading
   Derivative financial liabilities
   Notes payable
   Accounts payable                                                2,477,488,442.40       2,619,274,026.39
   Advances from customers
   Contract liabilities                                              600,175,903.18         856,662,191.21
   Employee compensation payables                                    184,885,070.77         171,177,968.70
   Taxes payable                                                      76,100,180.35         176,224,502.82
   Other payables                                                  3,435,017,105.64       2,884,236,096.54
   Liabilities held for sale
   Non-current liabilities maturing within one year                  228,450,779.77          89,754,098.76
   Other current liabilities                                          19,981,095.66          42,208,789.49

 Total current liabilities                                         7,022,098,577.77       6,839,537,673.91

 Non-current liabilities:
   Long-term borrowings                                                                     200,213,888.89
   Bonds payable
   Including: Preferred stock
              Perpetual bonds
   Lease liabilities                                                   1,095,768.72          29,386,642.67
   Long-term payables
   Long-term employee benefits payable
   Provisions
   Deferred income                                                       172,500.00             221,182.50
   Deferred tax liabilities                                           51,251,622.27          20,080,718.95
   Other non-current liabilities

 Total non-current liabilities                                        52,519,890.99         249,902,433.01

 Total liabilities                                                 7,074,618,468.76       7,089,440,106.92

 Shareholders’ equity:
   Share capital                                                   2,926,209,589.00       2,926,209,589.00
   Other equity instruments
   Including: Preferred stock
              Perpetual bonds
   Capital reserves                                                1,366,207,124.26       1,298,570,506.29
   Less: Treasury stock
   Other comprehensive income                                        113,265,760.25         –34,440,759.56
   Special reserves
   Surplus reserves                                                4,503,561,211.67       4,216,288,476.30
   Retained earnings                                               9,265,084,043.12       8,317,634,179.46

 Total shareholders’ equity                                       18,174,327,728.30      16,724,261,991.49

 Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                       25,248,946,197.06      23,813,702,098.41


The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

Legal Representative: Huang Rongshun      Chief Accountant: Liu Xianqing    Accountant in Charge: Zheng Wei


78
                                                                                         Annual Report 2024




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                    (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


Items                                                       Notes            Year 2024          Year 2023
I.  Total operating income                                            8,823,023,320.85    6,983,846,860.77
    Including: Operating income                              5.43     8,823,023,320.85    6,983,846,860.77
               Interest income
               Earned premium
               Fees and commission income

II.   Total operating costs                                           6,453,463,540.66    5,300,831,468.52
      Including: Operating costs                             5.43     4,309,889,220.28    3,316,518,908.18
                 Interest expenses
                 Handling charges and Commissions
                   Expenses
                 Refunds of insurance premiums
                 Net payments for insurance claims
                 Net provisions for insurance liability
                   reserves
                 Commissions on insurance policies
                 Cession charges
                 Taxes and surcharges                        5.44        94,602,042.56       81,865,353.79
                 Selling and distribution expenses           5.45        97,168,483.37      129,150,488.83
                 General and administrative expenses         5.46     1,336,560,399.53    1,061,992,231.34
                 Research and development expenses           5.47       824,636,765.01      863,038,653.00
                 Financial expenses                          5.48      –209,393,370.09     –151,734,166.62
                 Including: Interest expenses                            11,482,616.50       15,194,992.81
                             Interest income                            199,101,553.97      158,733,781.05
      Plus: Other income                                     5.49        12,160,789.60       72,704,704.02
            Investment income (“–” for losses)               5.50        80,660,549.24       81,557,766.91
            Including: Gains from investment in
                          associates and joint ventures                 43,718,133.70       25,347,126.31
                        Gains from derecognition of
                          financial assets measured at
                          amortized cost
            Foreign exchange gains (“–” for losses)
            Income from net exposure hedging
              (“–” for losses)
            Gains from the changes in fair value
              (“–” for losses)                               5.51       77,609,482.49       68,312,064.56
            Credit impairment losses (“–” for losses)        5.52     –113,963,400.61     –304,464,601.84
            Asset impairment losses (“–” for losses)         5.53      –25,352,094.14          787,835.06
            Gains from disposal of assets
              (“–” for losses)                               5.54         1,831,533.51        2,658,780.47

III. Operating profits (“–” for losses)                               2,402,506,640.28    1,604,571,941.43
     Plus: Non-operating income                              5.55        14,393,696.31       21,901,431.26
     Less: Non-operating expenses                            5.56        22,374,090.32       14,337,302.72

IV.   Total profits (“–” for total losses)                            2,394,526,246.27    1,612,136,069.97
      Less: Income tax expenses                              5.57       265,962,687.99      164,260,098.64




                                                                                                        79
TravelSky Technology Limited




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


 Items                                                           Notes           Year 2024            Year 2023
 V. Net profit (“–” for net loss)                                         2,128,563,558.28      1,447,875,971.33
     (I)  Classified by operating continuity
          1. Net profit from continuing operations
                  (“–” for net loss)                                      2,128,563,558.28      1,447,875,971.33
          2. Net profit from discontinued operations
                  (“–” for net losses)
     (II) Classified by ownership
          1. Net profit attributable to shareholders
                  of the Company (“–” for net loss)                       2,074,272,594.78      1,398,952,067.33
          2. Net profit attributable to
                  non-controlling interests
                  (“–” for net loss)                                            54,290,963.50      48,923,904.00

 VI.   Other comprehensive income, net of tax                               152,187,066.07         –2,109,118.64
       Other comprehensive income, net of tax
           attributable to shareholders of the Company                      152,187,066.07         –2,109,118.64
       (I)     Items that cannot be reclassified to profit
                  or loss                                                   147,706,519.81         –1,144,049.56
               1. Changes of re-measurement in
                       defined benefit plan
               2. Other comprehensive income that
                       cannot be transferred to profit or loss
                       under the equity method                                    –56,290.19        3,406,510.44
               3. Changes in fair value of other equity
                       instruments investment                               147,762,810.00         –4,550,560.00
               4. Changes in the fair value of
                       the Company’s own credit risk
       (II) Items that may be reclassified to profit
                  or loss                                                        4,480,546.26       –965,069.08
               1. Other comprehensive income that may
                       be reclassified to profit or loss under
                       the equity method
               2. Changes in fair value of other debt
                       investment
               3. Amounts of financial assets reclassified
                       to other comprehensive income
               4. Provisions for credit impairment of
                       other debt investments
               5. Cash flow hedging reserves
               6. Differences arising from translation of
                       foreign-currency financial statements                     4,480,546.26       –965,069.08
               7. Others
       Other comprehensive income, net of tax,
           attributable to non-controlling interests

 VII. Total comprehensive income                                          2,280,750,624.35      1,445,766,852.69
      Total comprehensive income attributable to
        shareholders of the Company                                       2,226,459,660.85      1,396,842,948.69
      Total comprehensive income attributable to
        non-controlling interests                                               54,290,963.50      48,923,904.00

 VIII. Earnings per share:
       (I)  Basic earnings per share (RMB/share)                 5.58                    0.71               0.48
       (II) Diluted earnings per share (RMB/share)               5.58                    0.71               0.48

The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

Legal Representative: Huang Rongshun           Chief Accountant: Liu Xianqing     Accountant in Charge: Zheng Wei

80
                                                                                          Annual Report 2024




STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME OF THE PARENT COMPANY
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                     (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


Items                                                        Notes           Year 2024           Year 2023
I.    Operating income                                        17.4     7,057,403,684.42    5,415,061,910.48
      Less: Operating costs                                   17.4     3,614,094,728.54    2,675,673,295.51
            Taxes and surcharges                                          76,884,371.30       67,980,538.66
            Selling and distribution expenses                             51,512,091.46       25,998,375.54
            General and administrative expenses                        1,014,056,508.86      746,987,309.33
            Research and development expenses                            583,951,616.11      622,614,768.80
            Financial expenses                                          –100,361,473.61      –57,068,345.60
            Including: Interest expenses                                  10,191,723.84       13,517,730.59
                        Interest income                                  104,668,784.86       70,176,463.83
      Plus: Other income                                                   5,265,767.33       55,905,026.27
            Investment income (“–” for loss)                  17.5        91,406,312.13      118,862,157.22
            Including: Gains from investment
                          in associates and joint ventures               28,298,087.79       46,017,171.16
                       Gains from derecognition of
                          financial assets measured at
                          amortized cost
            Gains from net exposure hedging
              (“–” for losses)
            Gains from changes in fair value
              (“–” for losses)                                           77,609,482.49       68,312,064.56
            Credit impairment losses (“–” for losses)                   –90,990,834.35     –276,122,548.25
            Asset impairment losses (“–” for losses)                    –23,463,809.18         2,445,145.25
            Gains from disposal of assets
              (“–” for losses)                                               12,418.29


II.   Operating profits (“–” for losses)                               1,877,105,178.47    1,302,277,813.29
      Plus: Non-operating income                                          12,931,239.21        1,863,036.43
      Less: Non-operating expenses                                        12,925,372.35       13,890,444.15


III. Total profits (“–” for total losses)                              1,877,111,045.33    1,290,250,405.57
     Less: Income tax expenses                                           174,194,912.06      120,439,185.13


IV. Net profit (“–” for net loss)                                      1,702,916,133.27    1,169,811,220.44
    (I) Net profit from continuing operations
          (“–” for net loss)                                           1,702,916,133.27    1,169,811,220.44
    (II) Net profit from discontinued operations
          (“–” for net loss)




                                                                                                         81
TravelSky Technology Limited




STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME OF THE PARENT COMPANY
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


 Items                                                        Notes            Year 2024          Year 2023
 V.   Other comprehensive income, net of tax                              147,706,519.81       –1,144,049.56
      (I) Other comprehensive income that cannot be
              reclassified to profit or loss                              147,706,519.81       –1,144,049.56
           1. Changes in re-measurement of the defined
                  benefit plan
           2. Other comprehensive income that cannot be
                  transferred to profit or loss under the
                  equity method                                               –56,290.19        3,406,510.44
           3. Changes in fair value of other equity
                  instruments investment                                  147,762,810.00       –4,550,560.00
           4. Changes in the fair value of the Company’s
                  own credit risk
      (II) Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
           1. Other comprehensive income that may be
                  transferred to profit or loss under the
                  equity method
           2. Changes in fair value of other debt
                  investments
           3. Amounts of financial assets reclassified to
                  other comprehensive income
           4. Provisions for credit impairment of other
                  debt investments
           5. Cash flow hedging reserves
           6. Differences arising from translation of
                  foreign-currency financial statements
           7. Others


 VI. Total comprehensive income                                         1,850,622,653.08    1,168,667,170.88


 VII. Earnings per share
      (I) Basic earnings per share (RMB/share)
      (II) Diluted earnings per share (RMB/share)


The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

Legal Representative: Huang Rongshun         Chief Accountant: Liu Xianqing   Accountant in Charge: Zheng Wei




82
                                                                                           Annual Report 2024




                   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                      (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


Items                                                     Notes             Year 2024             Year 2023
I. Cash flows from operating activities
   Cash received from sales of goods and
       rendering of services                                         8,422,345,908.03       6,926,213,217.72
   Net increase in customer deposits and
       deposits from other banks and financial
       institutions
   Net increase in borrowings from central
       banks
   Net increase in loans from other financial
       institutions
   Cash received from receiving insurance
       premium of original insurance contract
   Net cash received from reinsurance business
   Net increase in deposits and investments
       from policyholders
   Cash received from interest, handling charges
       and commissions
   Net increase in loans from banks and other
       financial institutions
   Net capital increase in repurchase business
   Net cash received from vicariously traded
       securities
   Refunds of taxes and surcharges                                      72,917,214.55           9,436,883.54
   Cash received from other operating activities          5.60     146,516,096,588.03     139,721,798,710.06
Sub-total of cash inflows from operating activities                155,011,359,710.61     146,657,448,811.32
   Cash paid for goods purchased and services
       received                                                      2,239,552,560.85       2,227,406,767.79
   Net increase in customers’ loans and
       advances
   Net increase in deposits with central bank
       and with banks and other financial
       institutions
   Cash paid for original insurance contract
       claims
   Net increase in loans to banks and other
       financial institutions
   Cash paid for interest, handling charges and
       commissions
   Cash paid for policy dividends
   Cash paid to and on behalf of employees                           2,495,938,212.43       2,240,681,378.09
   Cash paid for taxes and surcharges                                  891,067,231.35         646,345,677.68
   Cash paid for other operating activities               5.60     146,858,856,783.44     141,405,587,671.50
Sub-total of cash outflows from operating
  activities                                                       152,485,414,788.07     146,520,021,495.06


Net cash flows from operating activities                  5.61       2,525,944,922.54        137,427,316.26

                                                                                                          83
TravelSky Technology Limited




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


 Items                                                 Notes         Year 2024          Year 2023
 II. Cash flows from investing activities
     Cash received from disposal of investments                6,721,510,545.25   6,801,773,944.33
     Cash received from returns on investments                    92,182,913.12     111,820,838.34
     Net cash received from disposal of fixed
         assets, intangible assets and other long-
         term assets                                              1,728,567.06        3,538,934.78
     Net cash received from disposal of
         subsidiaries and other business units
     Cash received from other investing activities     5.60           37,250.00
 Sub-total of cash inflows from investing activities           6,815,459,275.43   6,917,133,717.45
     Cash paid to acquire and construct fixed
         assets, intangible assets and other long-
         term assets                                             353,479,429.14     527,896,896.46
     Cash paid for investments                                 5,567,869,665.00   7,185,478,124.00
     Net increase in pledge loans
     Net cash paid to acquire subsidiaries and
         other business units
     Cash paid for other investing activities          5.60         442,553.74
 Sub-total of cash outflows from investing
    activities                                                 5,921,791,647.88   7,713,375,020.46


 Net cash flows from investing activities                       893,667,627.55    –796,241,303.01


 III. Cash flows from financing activities
      Cash from absorption of investments
      Including: cash received by subsidiaries from
                     investment by minority
                     shareholders
      Cash received from borrowings                            3,188,535,390.22   3,612,468,924.55
      Cash received from other financing activities
 Sub-total of cash inflows from financing activities           3,188,535,390.22   3,612,468,924.55
      Cash paid for debts repayments                           2,737,649,211.46   2,860,879,022.05
      Cash paid for distribution of dividends and
          profits or payment of interest                        517,761,079.90     183,564,374.20
      Including: dividends and profits paid to
                     minority shareholders by
                     subsidiaries                                13,576,566.88      17,256,113.41
      Cash paid for other financing activities         5.60     129,935,186.71     118,578,028.17
 Sub-total of cash outflows from financing
     activities                                                3,385,345,478.07   3,163,021,424.42


 Net cash flows from financing activities                      –196,810,087.85     449,447,500.13




84
                                                                                           Annual Report 2024




                                                                  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                      (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


 Items                                                    Notes             Year 2024             Year 2023
 IV. Effect of fluctuation in exchange rate on cash
       and cash equivalents                                              8,377,743.14         10,049,419.02


 V.   Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                      3,231,180,205.38       –199,317,067.60
      Plus: Beginning balance of cash and
              cash equivalents                                       7,276,531,274.65       7,475,848,342.25


 VI. Closing balance of cash and cash equivalents                   10,507,711,480.03       7,276,531,274.65


The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

Legal Representative: Huang Rongshun      Chief Accountant: Liu Xianqing     Accountant in Charge: Zheng Wei




                                                                                                          85
TravelSky Technology Limited




STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS OF THE PARENT COMPANY
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


 Items                                                    Notes         Year 2024          Year 2023
 I. Cash flows from operating activities
    Cash received from sales of goods and rendering
       of services                                                6,556,058,052.85   5,297,497,169.72
    Refund of taxes and surcharges                                   68,228,432.60          35,580.09
    Cash received from other operating activities                   769,933,189.97     510,499,704.69
 Sub-total of cash inflows from operating activities              7,394,219,675.42   5,808,032,454.50
    Cash paid for goods purchased and services
       received                                                   2,273,985,124.48   1,899,499,419.72
    Cash paid to and on behalf of employees                       1,467,307,511.93   1,280,552,194.33
    Cash paid for taxes and surcharges                              696,639,446.97     510,180,819.62
    Cash paid for other operating activities                        720,494,679.75     364,608,649.47
 Sub-total of cash outflows from operating activities             5,158,426,763.13   4,054,841,083.14


 Net cash flows from operating activities                         2,235,792,912.29   1,753,191,371.36


 II. Cash flows from investing activities
     Cash received from disposal of investments                   6,724,664,171.19   6,801,773,944.33
     Cash received from returns on investments                      111,369,229.19     166,478,172.69
     Net cash received from disposal of fixed assets,
       intangible assets and other long-term assets                  1,613,194.06         456,417.69
     Net cash received from disposal of subsidiaries
       and other business units
     Cash received from other investing activities
 Sub-total of cash inflows from investing activities              6,837,646,594.44   6,968,708,534.71
     Cash paid to acquire and construct fixed assets,
       intangible assets and other long-term assets                 359,382,645.68     646,372,242.63
     Cash paid for investments                                    5,567,869,665.00   7,185,478,124.00
     Net cash paid to acquire subsidiaries and other
       business units
     Cash paid for other investing activities
 Sub-total of cash outflows from investing activities             5,927,252,310.68   7,831,850,366.63


 Net cash flows from investing activities                          910,394,283.76    –863,141,831.92




86
                                                                                            Annual Report 2024




                                                      STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS OF THE PARENT COMPANY
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                    (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


 Items                                                       Notes             Year 2024           Year 2023
 III. Cash flows from financing activities
      Cash from absorption of investments
      Cash received from borrowings
      Cash received from other financing activities
 Sub-total of cash inflows from financing activities
      Cash paid for debts repayments
      Cash paid for distribution of dividends and profits
        or payment of interest                                           475,508,229.87       162,329,880.87
      Cash paid for other financing activities                           110,492,969.62        99,810,259.01
 Sub-total of cash outflows from financing activities                    586,001,199.49       262,140,139.88


 Net cash flows from financing activities                               –586,001,199.49      –262,140,139.88


 IV. Effect of fluctuation in exchange rate on cash and
       cash equivalents                                                      1,279,543.04      –1,485,658.12


 V.   Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                        2,561,465,539.60       626,423,741.44
      Plus: Beginning balance of cash and
              cash equivalents                                         5,273,294,551.65      4,646,870,810.21


 VI. Closing balance of cash and cash equivalents                      7,834,760,091.25      5,273,294,551.65


The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

Legal Representative: Huang Rongshun        Chief Accountant: Liu Xianqing    Accountant in Charge: Zheng Wei




                                                                                                           87
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Year 2024




88
                                                                                                                                                               Equity attributable to shareholders of the parent company
                                                                                                            Other equity instruments                                           Less:               Other                                                                                                                                Total
                                                                                                     Preferred      Perpetual                          Capital              treasury comprehensive                   Special             Surplus         General       Undistributed                              Minority      shareholders’
      Items                                                                          Share capital       stock          bonds        Others          reserves                  stock             income            reserves             reserves   risk reserves              profits           Sub-total         interest             equity
      I. Balance as at December 31, 2023                                          2,926,209,589.00                                            1,192,037,425.52                          –53,239,516.76                          4,221,794,668.50   13,260,933.32   12,171,069,311.04    20,471,132,410.62   547,461,920.59   21,018,594,331.21
           Plus: Changes in accounting policies
                 Correction of accounting errors in prior periods
                 Business combination under common control
                 Others
      II. Balance as at January 1, 2024                                           2,926,209,589.00                                            1,192,037,425.52                          –53,239,516.76                          4,221,794,668.50   13,260,933.32   12,171,069,311.04    20,471,132,410.62   547,461,920.59   21,018,594,331.21
      III. Increase/decrease in 2024 (“–” for decreases)                                                                                         75,430,684.96                          152,187,066.07                            287,272,735.37                    1,318,806,325.17     1,833,696,811.57    44,694,557.06    1,878,391,368.63
           (1) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                                               152,187,066.07                                                              2,074,272,594.78     2,226,459,660.85    54,290,963.50    2,280,750,624.35
           (2) Capital contributed or reduced by shareholders                                                                                   75,430,684.96                                                                                                                               75,430,684.96                        75,430,684.96
                  (i) Common stock contributions by shareholders
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TravelSky Technology Limited




                  (ii) Capital contributed by the holders of other equity
                           instruments
                  (iii) Amounts of share-based payments recognized in
                           shareholders’ equity
                  (iv) Others                                                                                                                   75,430,684.96                                                                                                                              75,430,684.96                        75,430,684.96
           (3) Profit distribution                                                                                                                                                                                                287,272,735.37                    –755,466,269.61      –468,193,534.24     –9,596,406.44    –477,789,940.68
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2024




                  (i) Withdrawal of surplus reserves                                                                                                                                                                              287,272,735.37                    –287,272,735.37
                  (ii) Withdrawal of general risk reserves
                  (iii) Profit distribution to shareholders                                                                                                                                                                                                         –468,193,534.24      –468,193,534.24     –9,596,406.44    –477,789,940.68
                  (iv) Others
           (4) Internal carry-forward of shareholders’ equity
                  (i) Conversion of capital reserves into paid-in capital (or
                           share capital)
                  (ii) Conversion of surplus reserves into paid-in capital (or
                           share capital)
                  (iii) Losses offset by surplus reserves
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)




                  (iv) Carry-forward of changes in the defined benefit plan for
                           retained earnings
                  (v) Carry-forward of other comprehensive income
                           for retained earnings
                  (vi) Others
           (5) Special reserves
                  (i) Amount withdrawn in 2024
                  (ii) Amount used in 2024
           (6) Others
      IV. Balance as at December 31, 2024                                         2,926,209,589.00                                            1,267,468,110.48                           98,947,549.31                         4,509,067,403.87    13,260,933.32   13,489,875,636.21    22,304,829,222.19   592,156,477.65   22,896,985,699.84



     The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

              Legal Representative: Huang Rongshun                                                                                 Chief Accountant: Liu Xianqing                                                                                  Accountant in Charge: Zheng Wei
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
                                                                                                                                                                                            Year 2023
                                                                                                                                              Equity attributable to shareholders of the parent company
                                                                                                 Other equity instruments                                           Less:              Other                                                                                                                             Total
                                                                                        Preferred          Perpetual                          Capital           treasury comprehensive                 Special           Surplus          General      Undistributed                               Minority      shareholders’
      Items                                                            Share capital        stock              bonds        Others          reserves                stock            income           reserves          reserves    risk reserves             profits          Sub-total           interest             equity
      I. Balance as at December 31, 2022                             2,926,209,589.00                                                1,192,037,425.52                       –51,130,398.12                       4,065,948,464.88    9,863,800.26 11,086,449,688.61     19,229,378,570.15   512,851,756.28    19,742,230,326.43
           Plus: Changes in accounting policies
                 Correction of accounting errors in prior periods
                 Business combination under common control
                 Others
      II. Balance as at January 1, 2023                              2,926,209,589.00                                                1,192,037,425.52                       –51,130,398.12                       4,065,948,464.88    9,863,800.26 11,086,449,688.61 19,229,378,570.15       512,851,756.28    19,742,230,326.43
      III. Increase/decrease in 2023 (“–” for decreases)                                                                                                                     –2,109,118.64                         155,846,203.62    3,397,133.06 1,084,619,622.43 1,241,753,840.47          34,610,164.31     1,276,364,004.78
           (1) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                                    –2,109,118.64                                                         1,398,952,067.33 1,396,842,948.69         48,923,904.00     1,445,766,852.69
           (2) Capital contributed or reduced by shareholders
                  (i) Common stock contributions
                           by shareholders
                  (ii) Capital contributed by the holders of
                           other equity instruments
                  (iii) Amounts of share-based payments
                           recognized in shareholders’ equity
                  (iv) Others
           (3) Profit distribution                                                                                                                                                                                155,846,203.62     3,397,133.06   –314,332,444.90     –155,089,108.22     –14,313,739.69    –169,402,847.91
                  (i) Withdrawal of surplus reserves                                                                                                                                                              155,846,203.62                    –155,846,203.62
                  (ii) Withdrawal of general risk reserves                                                                                                                                                                           3,397,133.06     –3,397,133.06
                  (iii) Profit distribution to shareholders                                                                                                                                                                                         –155,089,108.22     –155,089,108.22     –14,313,739.69    –169,402,847.91
                  (iv) Others
           (4) Internal carry-forward of shareholders’ equity
                  (i) Conversion of capital reserves into paid-in
                           capital (or share capital)
                  (ii) Conversion of surplus reserves into paid-in
                           capital (or share capital)
                  (iii) Losses offset by surplus reserves
                  (iv) Carry-forward of changes in the defined
                           benefit plan for retained earnings
                  (v) Carry-forward of other comprehensive
                           income for retained earnings
                  (vi) Others
           (5) Special reserves
                  (i) Amount withdrawn in 2023
                  (ii) Amount used in 2023
           (6) Others
      IV. Balance as at December 31, 2023                            2,926,209,589.00                                                1,192,037,425.52                       –53,239,516.76                       4,221,794,668.50   13,260,933.32 12,171,069,311.04 20,471,132,410.62       547,461,920.59    21,018,594,331.21



     The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

              Legal Representative: Huang Rongshun                                                                          Chief Accountant: Liu Xianqing                                                                          Accountant in Charge: Zheng Wei
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)




89
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                                               Year 2024




90
                                                                                        Other equity instruments                                Less:            Other                                                            Total
                                                                                  Preferred     Perpetual                                    treasury    comprehensive      Special                     Undistributed     shareholders’
      Items                                                       Share capital       stock         bonds        Others   Capital reserves      stock          income     reserves Surplus reserves            profits           equity
      I.   Balance as at December 31, 2023                     2,926,209,589.00                                           1,298,570,506.29              –34,440,759.56              4,216,288,476.30 8,317,634,179.46 16,724,261,991.49
           Plus: Changes in accounting policies
                 Correction of accounting errors
                    in prior periods
                 Others
      II. Balance as at January 1, 2024                        2,926,209,589.00                                           1,298,570,506.29              –34,440,759.56              4,216,288,476.30 8,317,634,179.46 16,724,261,991.49
      III. Increase/decrease in 2024 (“–” for decreases)                                                                     67,636,617.97              147,706,519.81                287,272,735.37   947,449,863.66 1,450,065,736.81
           (1)     Total comprehensive income                                                                                                           147,706,519.81                               1,702,916,133.27 1,850,622,653.08
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               TravelSky Technology Limited




           (2)     Capital contributed or reduced by
                      shareholders                                                                                          67,636,617.97                                                                                  67,636,617.97
                  (i) Common stock contributions by
                          shareholders
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           For the year ended December 31, 2024




                  (ii) Capital contributed by the holders of
                          other equity instruments
                  (iii) Amounts of share-based payments
                          recognized in shareholders’ equity
                  (iv) Others                                                                                               67,636,617.97                                                                                  67,636,617.97
           (3)    Profit distribution                                                                                                                                                287,272,735.37   –755,466,269.61    –468,193,534.24
                  (i) Withdrawal of surplus reserves                                                                                                                                 287,272,735.37   –287,272,735.37
                  (ii) Profit distribution to shareholders                                                                                                                                            –468,193,534.24    –468,193,534.24
                  (iii) Others
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)




           (4)     Internal carry-forward of shareholders’
                      equity
                  (i) Conversion of capital reserves into
                          paid-in capital (or share capital)
                  (ii) Conversion of surplus reserves into
                          paid-in capital (or share capital)
                  (iii) Losses offset by surplus reserves
                  (iv) Carry-forward of changes in the
                          defined benefit plan for retained
                          earnings
                  (v) Carry-forward of other comprehensive
                          income for retained earnings
                  (vi) Others
           (5)     Special reserves
                  (i) Amount withdrawn in 2024
                  (ii) Amount used in 2024
           (6)     Others
      IV. Balance as at December 31, 2024                      2,926,209,589.00                                           1,366,207,124.26              113,265,760.25              4,503,561,211.67 9,265,084,043.12 18,174,327,728.30



     The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY OF THE PARENT COMPANY




           Legal Representative: Huang Rongshun                                                  Chief Accountant: Liu Xianqing                                          Accountant in Charge: Zheng Wei
                                                                                                                                               Year 2023
                                                                                        Other equity instruments                                Less:            Other                                                               Total
                                                                                  Preferred     Perpetual                                    treasury    comprehensive      Special                       Undistributed      shareholders’
      Items                                                      Share capital        stock         bonds        Others   Capital reserves      stock          income      reserves Surplus reserves             profits            equity
      I.   Balance as at December 31, 2022                     2,926,209,589.00                                           1,298,570,506.29               –33,296,710.00              4,060,442,272.68   7,458,758,270.86 15,710,683,928.83
           Plus: Changes in accounting policies
                 Correction of accounting errors
                   in prior periods
                 Others
      II. Balance as at January 1, 2023                        2,926,209,589.00                                           1,298,570,506.29               –33,296,710.00              4,060,442,272.68   7,458,758,270.86 15,710,683,928.83
      III. Increase/decrease in 2023 (“–” for decreases)                                                                                                  –1,144,049.56                155,846,203.62     858,875,908.60 1,013,578,062.66
           (1)    Total comprehensive income                                                                                                              –1,144,049.56                                 1,169,811,220.44 1,168,667,170.88
           (2)    Capital contributed or reduced by
                      shareholders
                  (i) Common stock contributions
                          by shareholders
                  (ii) Capital contributed by the holders
                          of other equity instruments
                  (iii) Amounts of share-based payments
                          recognized in shareholders’ equity
                  (iv) Others
           (3)    Profit distribution                                                                                                                                                  155,846,203.62   –310,935,311.84    –155,089,108.22
                  (i) Withdrawal of surplus reserves                                                                                                                                   155,846,203.62   –155,846,203.62
                  (ii) Profit distribution to shareholders                                                                                                                                              –155,089,108.22    –155,089,108.22
                  (iii) Others
           (4)    Internal carry-forward of shareholders’
                      equity
                  (i) Conversion of capital reserves into
                          paid-in capital (or share capital)
                  (ii) Conversion of surplus reserves into
                          paid-in capital (or share capital)
                  (iii) Losses offset by surplus reserves
                  (iv) Carry-forward of changes in the
                          defined benefit plan for retained
                          earnings
                  (v) Carry-forward of other
                          comprehensive income for retained
                          earnings
                  (vi) Others
           (5)    Special reserves
                  (i) Amount withdrawn in 2023
                  (ii) Amount used in 2023
           (6)    Others
      IV. Balance as at December 31, 2023                      2,926,209,589.00                                           1,298,570,506.29               –34,440,759.56              4,216,288,476.30   8,317,634,179.46 16,724,261,991.49



     The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

           Legal Representative: Huang Rongshun                                                  Chief Accountant: Liu Xianqing                                           Accountant in Charge: Zheng Wei
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY OF THE PARENT COMPANY
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)




91
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


1    COMPANY PROFILE
     TravelSky Technology Limited (hereinafter referred to as the “the Company” or “Company”) was
     incorporated in Beijing, the People’s Republic of China on October 18, 2000, with offering of 577,303,500
     shares at the time of establishment, par value of RMB1.00 per share, and totaled share capital of
     RMB577,303,500.00.

     On February 7, 2001, the Company completed its initial offering of H shares of 310,854,000 shares (par
     value of RMB1.00 per share) to overseas investors, and listed on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Ltd.
     (the “SEHK”), increasing its total share capital to RMB888,157,500.00 after the offering.

     On June 5, 2007, at the annual and extraordinary general shareholders’ meeting of the Company, the
     Company approved to distribute bonus at RMB1.00 par value per share to shareholders with the capital
     reserves-equity premiums of RMB888,157,500.00, totaling 888,157,500 shares for each existing share for
     one share, and meanwhile increased the share capital of the Company. After the conversion, the
     number of ordinary shares of the Company increased from 888,157,500 shares to 1,776,315,000 shares
     and the total share capital increased to RMB1,776,315,000.00.

     According to the Company’s extraordinary shareholders meeting resolution in July 2008, the Company
     issued 174,491,393 ordinary shares (par value of RMB1.00 per share) to China TravelSky Holding
     Company Limited (formerly known as China TravelSky Holding Company, hereinafter referred to as
     “CTH”) as all equities of China Accounting Center of China Aviation Limited Company acquired by the
     Company from CTH and the consideration for property located at Dongxing Lane, Chaoyang District,
     Beijing, China. Upon completion of the acquisition in March 2009, the number of ordinary shares of the
     Company increased from 1,776,315,000 shares to 1,950,806,393 shares and the total share capital
     increased to RMB1,950,806,393.00.

     In accordance with the resolution of the annual general meeting on June 28, 2011, the Company was
     approved to, by RMB975,403,196.00 by way of allocation of its reserves and retained earnings to capital,
     increase its share capital with discretionary surplus (RMB487,701,598.00) and undistributed profits
     (RMB487,701,598.00), and distribute the bonus to the shareholders of the Company whose names
     appeared on its register of shareholders on June 28, 2011, with one bonus share for every two shares
     of the Company held at that time, and the total share capital of the Company after the capital increase
     increased to RMB2,926,209,589.00.

     As at December 31, 2024, the Company cumulatively issued share capital was 2,926,209,589 shares, and
     the registered share capital was RMB2,926,209,589.00.

     The existing unified social credit code: 9111000071092729XP. Registered office: No. 7 Yumin Street,
     Houshayu Town, Shunyi District, Beijing. Legal representative: Huang Rongshun.




92
                                                                                           Annual Report 2024




                                                                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


1   COMPANY PROFILE (CONTINUED)
    The Company’s business scope includes: Licensed Items: Internet information service business.
    (Projects that require approval according to law can only be carried out with the approval of relevant
    departments. Specific business projects shall be subject to the approval documents or licenses of
    relevant departments). General business items: Industrial Internet data services; digital technology
    services; Internet data services; network technology services; computer software, hardware and
    peripheral equipment manufacturing; computer software, hardware and auxiliary equipment wholesale;
    computer software, hardware and auxiliary equipment retail; software development; technical services,
    technology development, Technical consultation, technology exchange, technology transfer, technology
    promotion; information technology consulting services; computer system services; information system
    operation and maintenance services; communication equipment sales; leasing services (excluding
    licensed leasing services); software sales; cloud computing equipment sales; Network equipment sales;
    technology import and export; goods import and export; information consulting services (excluding
    licensing information consulting services); information system integration services; intelligent control
    system integration. (The Company may independently choose business items and conduct business
    activities in accordance with the law) (any operating activity of the item banned and restricted by Beijing
    industrial policy may not be conducted.)

    The business nature of the Company is: Aviation information technology services.

    The industry in which the Company operates is: Other air transportation auxiliary activities.

    The Company’s main business activities are: The Company targets airlines, airports, ticket sales agents,
    tourism companies, civil aviation-related institutions and international organizations, and provides a full
    range of air passenger business processing, air travel electronic distribution, airport passenger
    processing, air cargo data processing, Internet travel platforms, international and domestic Passenger
    and freight revenue management system applications and agency settlement and clearing services.

    The parent company of the Company is China TravelSky Holding Company Limited, and the effective
    controller of the Company is the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the
    State Council of China.

    The Company and its subsidiaries are hereinafter collectively referred to as the “the Group”.

    The financial statements have been approved by the Company’s board of directors on March 27, 2025.




                                                                                                           93
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


2    BASIS OF PREPARATION FOR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     2.1 Basis of preparation
          The Company prepares financial statements in accordance with the “Accounting Standards for
          Business Enterprises — Basic Standards” and all the specific accounting standards, Application
          Guidance to the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises, the interpretation of the
          Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises and other relevant provisions (hereinafter referred
          to as the “ASBE”). In addition, the financial statements are also in compliance with the applicable
          disclosure provisions of the “Rules Governing the Listing of Securities” issued by The Stock
          Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, as well as the applicable disclosure requirements of the Hong
          Kong “Companies Ordinance”.

     2.2 Going concern
          The financial statements are prepared on a going concern basis.


3    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
     The following contents disclosed have covered the specific accounting policies and accounting estimates
     formulated according to the characteristics of actual production and business operation by the
     Company.

     3.1 Statement on compliance with the Accounting Standards for Business
         Enterprises
          The financial statements meet the requirements of the Accounting Standards for Business
          Enterprises issued by the Ministry of Finance, and truly and completely reflect the consolidated
          financial position and the parent company’s financial position as at December 31, 2024, and the
          consolidated operating results and the parent company’s operating results, the consolidated cash
          flows and the parent company’s cash flows for the year then ended 2024.

     3.2 Accounting period
          The accounting year is from January 1 to December 31 in calendar year.

     3.3 Operating cycle
          The Company’s operating cycle is 12 months.

     3.4 Functional currency
          The Company adopts RMB as its functional currency. Subsidiaries of the Company determine their
          financial statements according to the main economic environment in which they operate. This
          financial statement is presented in RMB.




94
                                                                                          Annual Report 2024




                                                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.5 Accounting treatment methods for business combinations under common
        control and not under common control
        Business combination under common control: For the assets and liabilities acquired from
        business combination by the combining party (including the goodwill formed by the acquisition by
        the final controller of the combinee), they are measured at book value of assets and liabilities in
        the consolidated financial statements of the final controller on the combination date. The stock
        premium in capital reserves is adjusted according to the difference between the book value of net
        assets acquired through combination and the book value of consideration paid for the combination
        (or total par value of shares issued). If the stock premium in capital reserves is insufficient to
        cover the difference, the remaining amount will be charged against retained earnings.

        Business combination not under common control: The combination costs are the fair value, on the
        acquisition date, of any assets acquired, any liabilities incurred or assumed, and any equity
        securities issued by the acquirer, in exchanges for the right of control over the acquiree. The
        Company shall recognize the difference of the combination costs in excess of the fair value of the
        identifiable net assets acquired from the acquiree as goodwill. The Company shall recognize the
        difference of the combination costs in short of the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired
        from the acquiree in the current profit or loss. The identifiable assets, liabilities, and contingent
        liabilities of the acquiree that are obtained by the acquirer from combination and conform to the
        recognition criteria shall be measured at the fair value on the acquisition date.

        Direct relevant expenses arising from the business combination are included in the current profit
        or loss upon occurrence. Trading expenses on issuing equity securities or debt securities for the
        business combination are included in the initially recognized amount of the equity securities or the
        debt securities.

    3.6 Preparation method of consolidated financial statements
        3.6.1 Scope of consolidation
             The consolidation scope of consolidated financial statements is determined on the basis of
             control, covering the Company and all the subsidiaries. Control means the Company has the
             power over the investee and enjoys the variable return through participating in activities
             related to the investee, and has the ability to affect the Company’s return by using the power
             over the investee.




                                                                                                          95
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
     (CONTINUED)
     3.6 Preparation method of consolidated financial statements (Continued)
          3.6.2 Procedures for consolidation
               The Company regards the entire enterprise group as an accounting entity and prepares
               consolidated financial statements in accordance with unified accounting policies to reflect the
               overall financial status, operating results and cash flow of the enterprise group. The
               influence of internal transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries or between
               subsidiaries shall be offset. If internal transactions indicate that the relevant assets have
               suffered impairment losses, this part of losses shall be confirmed in full. If the accounting
               policies or accounting periods of a subsidiary are different from those of the Company, the
               consolidated financial statements of the subsidiary, upon preparation, will be adjusted
               according to the accounting policies and accounting periods of the Company.

               The share of shareholders’ equity, current net profit or loss and current comprehensive
               income of subsidiaries attributable to minority shareholders are respectively and separately
               presented under the shareholders’ equity in the consolidated balance sheet, the net profit in
               the consolidated income statement, and the total comprehensive income in the consolidated
               income statement. If the current loss shared by a minority shareholder of a subsidiary
               exceeds the balances arising from the shares enjoyed by the minority shareholder in the
               shareholders’ equity of the subsidiary at the beginning of the period, minority equity will be
               written down accordingly.

               (1)   Increase of subsidiaries or business
                     During the reporting period, where the Company acquired subsidiaries or business from
                     the business combination under common control, the operating results and cash flows
                     of the newly acquired subsidiaries or business from the beginning of the period for
                     business combination to the end of the reporting period are included in the
                     consolidated financial statements; the beginning amount of the consolidated financial
                     statements and relevant items in the comparative statements are adjusted accordingly,
                     as if the reporting entity after the business combination exists as of the time when the
                     ultimate controller has the control.

                     Where control can be exercised on the investee under the common control for
                     additional investment or other reasons, equity investments held before the control over
                     the combined party is obtained, the related profits or losses, other comprehensive
                     income as well as other changes in net assets recognized from the later between the
                     date when the original equity is obtained and the date when the acquirer and the
                     acquiree are under common control to the combination date will respectively write
                     down the beginning retained earnings or the current profit or loss during the period for
                     comparing financial statements.




96
                                                                                        Annual Report 2024




                                                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.6 Preparation method of consolidated financial statements (Continued)
        3.6.2 Procedures for consolidation (Continued)
             (1)   Increase of subsidiaries or business (Continued)
                   During the reporting period, if the Company acquired subsidiaries or business from the
                   business combination not under common control, all identifiable assets, liabilities and
                   contingent liabilities will be included in the consolidated financial statements from the
                   purchase date based on their fair value determined on purchase date.

                   Where the Company can control the investee not under common control for additional
                   investments, it shall re-measure equity of the acquiree held before the acquisition date
                   at the fair value of such equity on the acquisition date and include the difference
                   between the fair value and book value in the current investment income. Where equity
                   of the acquiree held before the acquisition date involves in other comprehensive income
                   that can be reclassified into profit or loss and other changes in shareholders’ equity
                   accounted for under the equity method shall be transferred to the investment income in
                   the year which the acquisition date falls in.

             (2)   Disposal of subsidiaries
                   ①    General treatment methods
                        When the Company losses the control over the investee due to disposal of partial
                        equity investment or other reasons, the remaining equity investment after the
                        disposal should be re-measured by the Company at the fair value thereof on the
                        date of losing the control. The difference of total amount of the consideration
                        from disposal of equities plus the fair value of the remaining equities less the
                        shares calculated at the original shareholding ratio in net assets and goodwill of
                        the original subsidiary which are continuously calculated as of the acquisition date
                        or combination date shall be included in the investment income of the period at
                        the loss of control. Other comprehensive income that will be reclassified into
                        profit or loss later associated with the equity investments of the original
                        subsidiary, or the changes in other shareholders’ equity calculated under the
                        equity method, shall be transferred into investment income of the current period
                        when control is lost.




                                                                                                         97
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
     (CONTINUED)
     3.6 Preparation method of consolidated financial statements (Continued)
          3.6.2 Procedures for consolidation (Continued)
               (2)   Disposal of subsidiaries (Continued)
                     ②    Disposal of subsidiaries by stages
                          If the control is lost due to disposal of the equity investments in subsidiaries
                          through multiple transactions by stages, and the terms, conditions and economic
                          impact of the transactions related to the disposal of equity investments in
                          subsidiaries meet one or more of the following circumstances, it usually indicates
                          that multiple transactions will be treated a package deal:

                          i.     The transactions are concluded at the same time or under the consideration
                                 of mutual effect;

                          ii.    These transactions as a whole can reach a complete business result;

                          iii.   The occurrence of a transaction depends on that of other transaction or more;

                          iv.    A single transaction is uneconomical but it is economical when considered
                                 together with other transactions.

                          Where various transactions belong to a package deal, accounting treatment shall
                          be made by the Company on the transactions as a transaction to dispose
                          subsidiaries and lose the control; the difference between each disposal cost and
                          net asset share in the subsidiaries corresponding to each disposal of investments
                          before loss of the control should be recognized as other comprehensive income in
                          the consolidated financial statements and should be transferred into the current
                          profit or loss at the loss of the control.

                          Where various transactions do not belong to a package deal, before the loss of the
                          control, accounting treatment shall be made according to the partial disposal of
                          equity investments in the subsidiary without losing control; at the loss of the
                          control, accounting treatment shall be made according to general treatment
                          methods for disposal of subsidiaries.




98
                                                                                       Annual Report 2024




                                                                      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.6 Preparation method of consolidated financial statements (Continued)
        3.6.2 Procedures for consolidation (Continued)
             (3)   Purchase of minority interest of subsidiaries
                   The share premium in the capital reserves under the consolidated balance sheet will be
                   adjusted at the difference between the long-term equity investment acquired by the
                   Company for the purchase of minority interest and the share of net assets calculated
                   constantly from the acquisition date (or combination date) according to the newly
                   increased shareholding ratio. If the share premium is insufficient to offset, retained
                   earnings will be adjusted.

             (4)   Partial disposal of equity investments in subsidiaries without losing control
                   The equity premium of capital reserves in the consolidated balance sheet will be
                   adjusted according to the difference between the disposal price and the share of net
                   assets of subsidiaries calculated from the acquisition date or the combination date
                   corresponding to the disposal of long-term equity investments; if the equity premium of
                   capital reserves is insufficient, the retained earnings will be adjusted.

    3.7 Recognition criteria of cash and cash equivalents
        Cash refers the Company’s cash on hand and the unrestricted deposits. Cash equivalents refer to
        short-term and highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of the
        cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of change in value.

    3.8 Foreign currency transactions and translation of foreign currency statements
        3.8.1 Foreign currency transactions
             As for foreign currency transactions of the Company, the amounts of these transactions are
             translated into RMB at the spot exchange rate on the day when these transactions occur.

             The balance of foreign currency items on the balance sheet date are translated at the spot
             exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Except those arising from specific-purpose
             borrowings in foreign currencies related to assets eligible for capitalization that shall be
             measured in accordance with principle of capitalization of the borrowing costs, other
             exchange differences shall be recognized in profit or loss for the current period.




                                                                                                       99
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.8 Foreign currency transactions and translation of foreign currency statements
          (Continued)
          3.8.2 Translation of foreign currency financial statements
               When the Company measures the foreign currency statements of its overseas business, the
               assets and liabilities in the balance sheet are translated at the spot exchange rates on the
               balance sheet date; owners’ equity items, except for the item of “retained earnings”, are
               translated at the spot exchange rates on the date when the business occurs. The income and
               expenses items in income statements are translated at the spot exchange rate on the day
               when the transaction occurs.

               At the disposal of overseas business, the translation differences of foreign currency
               statements relating to the overseas business shall be transferred from the owner’s equity
               item to the current profit or loss at disposal.

      3.9 Financial instruments
          When the Company becomes a party to a financial instrument, it shall recognize a financial asset,
          financial liability, or equity instrument.

          3.9.1 Classification of financial instruments
               According to the business model of financial assets and contractual cash flow characteristics
               of the same, which are subject to the management of the Company, financial assets are
               classified at initial recognition as: financial assets measured at the amortized cost, financial
               assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets
               measured at fair value through profit or loss.

               Financial assets not designated to be measured at fair value through the current profit or
               loss in line with the following conditions will be reclassified into the financial assets
               measured at amortized cost:

               —     The business model aims to collect contractual cash flows;

               —     The contract cash flow is only the payment for the principal and the interest based on
                     the outstanding principal amount.




100
                                                                                              Annual Report 2024




                                                                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                   (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
        3.9.1 Classification of financial instruments (Continued)
             Financial assets not designated to be measured at fair value through profit or loss in line
             with the following conditions will be reclassified into the financial assets (debt instruments)
             measured at fair value through other comprehensive income:

             —    Where the purpose of the business model is to collect contractual cash flows and sell
                  such financial assets;

             —    Contractual cash flow is only the payment for the principal and the interest based on
                  the outstanding principal amount.

             At the initial recognition, the Company irrevocably designates the non-trading equity
             instrument investments as financial assets (equity instruments) measured at fair value
             through the other comprehensive income. The designation is made based on a single
             investment and the relevant investment is in line with the definition of the equity instrument
             from the issuer’s perspective.

             Except for the financial assets measured at amortized cost and the financial assets
             measured at fair value through other comprehensive income mentioned above, all the
             remaining financial assets are classified as financial assets measured at fair value through
             profit or loss. At the initial recognition, in order to eliminate or obviously reduce accounting
             mismatch, the Company may irrevocably designate the financial assets that shall be
             classified to be measured at amortized cost or measured at fair value through other
             comprehensive income as financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss.

             At the initial recognition, financial liabilities are classified as: financial liabilities measured at
             fair value through profit or loss and financial liabilities measured at the amortized cost.




                                                                                                              101
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
          3.9.2 Recognition basis and measurement method of financial instruments
               (1)   Financial assets measured at amortized cost
                     Financial assets measured at amortized cost include notes receivable and accounts
                     receivable, other receivables, long-term receivables, and creditors’ investment, etc., of
                     which initial measurement is made at fair value, and relevant transaction costs are
                     included in the initially recognized amount; exclude accounts receivable with significant
                     financing component and accounts receivable with the financing component not
                     exceeding one year and not considered by the Company, of which initial measurement
                     is made at the contract transaction price.

                     During the holding period, the interest calculated with the effective interest method
                     should be included in the current profit or loss.

                     At recovery or disposal, the difference between the purchase price obtained and the
                     book value of such financial assets is included in the current profit or loss.

               (2)   Financial assets (debt instruments) measured at fair value through the other
                     comprehensive income
                     Financial assets (debt instruments) measured at fair value through the other
                     comprehensive income include receivables financing and other creditors’ investment, of
                     which initial measurement is made at fair value, and relevant transaction costs are
                     included in the initially recognized amount. The subsequent measurement of such
                     financial assets is made at fair value. Changes in fair value are included in other
                     comprehensive income except for the interest calculated by the effective interest
                     method, impairment losses or reversal, and exchange gains or losses.

                     At derecognition, the accumulated gains or losses previously included in other
                     comprehensive income are transferred from the other comprehensive income to the
                     current profit or loss.




102
                                                                                           Annual Report 2024




                                                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
        3.9.2 Recognition basis and measurement method of financial instruments (Continued)
             (3)   Financial assets (equity instruments) measured at fair value through other
                   comprehensive income
                   Financial assets (equity instruments) measured at fair value through other
                   comprehensive income, including the investment in other equity instruments, are
                   initially measured at fair value, and relevant transaction costs are included in the
                   initially recognized amount. The subsequent measurement of such financial assets is
                   made at fair value, and the changes in fair value are included in other comprehensive
                   income. The dividends obtained are included in the current profit or loss.

                   At derecognition, the accumulated gains or losses previously included in other
                   comprehensive income are transferred from the other comprehensive income to the
                   retained earnings.

            (4)    Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
                   Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss include trading financial
                   assets, derivative financial assets and other non-current financial assets, of which initial
                   measurement is made at fair value, and relevant transaction costs are included in the
                   current profit or loss. The subsequent measurement of such financial assets is made at
                   fair value, and changes in fair value are included in the current profit or loss.

            (5)    Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss
                   Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss include trading
                   financial liabilities and derivative financial liabilities, of which initial measurement is
                   made at fair value, and relevant transaction costs are included in the current profit or
                   loss. The subsequent measurement of such financial liabilities is made at fair value,
                   and changes in fair value are included in the current profit or loss.

                   At derecognition, the difference between the book value and the consideration paid of
                   such financial liabilities is included in the current profit or loss.




                                                                                                          103
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
          3.9.2 Recognition basis and measurement method of financial instruments (Continued)
               (6)   Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost
                     Financial liabilities measured at the amortized cost include short-term borrowings,
                     notes payable and accounts payable, other payables, long-term borrowings, bonds
                     payable and long-term payables, of which initial measurement is made at fair value,
                     and related transaction costs are included in the initially recognized amount.

                     During the holding period, the interest calculated by the effective interest method is
                     included in the current profit or loss.

                     At derecognition, the difference between the consideration paid and the book value of
                     such financial liabilities is included in the current profit or loss.

          3.9.3 Derecognition and transfer of financial assets
               Where one of the following conditions is met, the Company shall derecognize financial
               assets:

               —     The contractual right of collecting cash flows of financial assets is terminated;

               —     The financial assets have been transferred, and nearly all of the risks and rewards related
                     to the ownership of the financial assets have been transferred to the transferee;

               —     The financial assets have been transferred, and the Company does not retain the control
                     over the financial assets through it has neither transferred nor retained nearly all risks
                     and rewards related to the ownership of the financial assets.

               When the Company modifies or renegotiates a contract with a counterparty and the
               modification constitutes a material change, the original financial asset is derecognized and a
               new financial asset is recognized in accordance with the modified terms.

               At the transfer of financial assets, where nearly all the risks and rewards related to the
               ownership of the financial assets have been retained, such financial assets shall not be
               derecognized.

               In determining whether the transfer of a financial asset meets the above derecognition
               criteria of financial assets, the principle of substance over form will be adopted.




104
                                                                                        Annual Report 2024




                                                                        NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
        3.9.3 Derecognition and transfer of financial assets (Continued)
             The Company divides the transfer of financial assets into overall transfer and partial
             transfer. Where the entire transfer of financial assets meets the derecognition conditions, the
             difference of the following two amounts is included in the current profit or loss:

             (1)   The book value of the transferred financial asset;

             (2)   The sum of consideration received from the transfer, and the accumulated change
                   amount of fair value originally recorded in shareholders’ equity (the financial assets
                   involved in the transfer are financial assets (debt instruments) measured at fair value
                   through the other comprehensive income).

             Where the partial transfer of a financial asset meets the derecognition criteria, the entire
             book value of the financial asset transferred shall be allocated between the derecognized
             part and the recognized part based on the relative fair value, and the difference between the
             following two amounts shall be included in the current profit or loss:

             (1)   The book value of derecognized part;

             (2)   The sum of the consideration for the derecognized part and the amount corresponding
                   to the de-recognition part in the accumulated change amount of fair value originally
                   and directly included in shareholders’ equity (where the financial assets transferred are
                   the financial assets (debt instruments) measured at fair value through the other
                   comprehensive income).

             Where the transfer of financial assets does not meet the derecognition criteria, the financial
             assets shall continue to be recognized, and the consideration received shall be recognized as
             a financial liability.




                                                                                                       105
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
          3.9.4 Derecognition of financial liabilities
               Where the present obligations of financial liabilities have been discharged in whole or in
               part, the financial liabilities or any part thereof shall be derecognized; if the Company signs
               an agreement with creditors to replace the existing financial liabilities by undertaking new
               financial liabilities, and the new financial liabilities are substantially different from the
               existing ones in terms of contract terms, the existing financial liabilities shall be
               derecognized, and at the same time, the new financial liabilities shall be recognized.

               Where substantive changes are made to the contract terms of existing financial liabilities in
               whole or in part, the existing financial liabilities shall be derecognized in whole or in part,
               and the financial liabilities of which terms have been modified shall be recognized as the new
               financial liabilities.

               Where financial liabilities are derecognized is whole or in part, the difference between the
               book value of the financial liabilities derecognized and the consideration paid (including
               non-cash assets surrendered and the new financial liabilities assumed) shall be included in
               current profit or loss.

               Where the Company redeems part of its financial liabilities, it shall, on the redemption date,
               allocate the entire book value of whole financial liabilities according to the comparative fair
               value of the part that continues to be recognized and the derecognized part. The difference
               between the book value allocated to the derecognized part and the considerations paid
               (including non-cash assets surrendered and the new financial liabilities assumed) shall be
               included in the current profit or loss.

          3.9.5 Recognition methods of the fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities
               As for the financial instruments for which there is an active market, the quoted prices in the
               active market shall be used to determine the fair values thereof. Where there is no active
               market for a financial instrument, the valuation techniques shall be adopted to determine its
               fair value. At the time of valuation, the Company shall adopt the valuation technique that is
               applicable to the current circumstance and is supported by sufficient available data and
               other information to select the input values consistent with the assets or liabilities
               characteristics that are considered by market participants in transactions of relevant assets
               and liabilities and shall give priority in use of observable input values. And the unobservable
               input values may be used only when the observable input values are unable or unpractical to
               be obtained.




106
                                                                                       Annual Report 2024




                                                                      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                               (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
        3.9.6 Test method and accounting treatment of impairment of financial assets
             The Company estimates the expected credit loss of financial assets measured at the
             amortized cost and financial assets (debt instruments) measured at fair value through other
             comprehensive income individually or in portfolio.

             By considering such reasonable and well-founded information as relevant matters in the
             past, current conditions and prediction of future economic conditions, the Company
             calculates the probability weighted amount, weighted by default risk, of the present value of
             the difference between the cash flows receivable under the contract and the cash flows
             expected to be received, to determine the expected credit loss.

             For receivables and contract assets arising from the transactions specified in the Accounting
             Standards for Business Enterprises No. 14 — Revenue, whether or not they contain
             significant financing components, the Company always makes the provision for credit loss at
             the amount equivalent to the expected credit loss over the whole duration.

             For lease receivables arising from the transactions specified in the Accounting Standards for
             Business Enterprises No. 21 — Leases, the Company always makes the provision for credit
             loss at the amount equivalent to the expected credit loss over the whole duration.

             For other financial instruments, the Company assesses at each balance sheet date the
             changes in credit risk of the relevant financial instruments since initial recognition.

             By comparing the default risk in financial instruments on the balance sheet date with the
             default risk in financial instruments on the initial recognition date, the Company determines
             the relative change in default risk in financial instruments during the estimated duration to
             assess whether the credit risk of financial instruments has greatly increased following the
             initial recognition of such financial instruments. Generally, once the period is overdue for
             over 30 days, the Company may consider that there is obvious increase in credit risk of such
             financial instrument, unless there is unambiguous evidence that there is no obvious increase
             in credit risk of such financial instrument following the initial recognition.

             If the credit risk of the financial instrument is low on the balance sheet date, the Company
             will immediately consider that there is no obvious increase in credit risk of such financial
             instrument following the initial recognition.




                                                                                                     107
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
          3.9.6 Test method and accounting treatment of impairment of financial assets (Continued)
               If there is obvious increase in credit risk following the initial recognition of such financial
               instrument, the Company will measure the loss provision at the amount which is equivalent
               to the amount of the expected credit loss over the entire duration of such financial
               instrument; if there is no obvious increase in credit risk following the initial recognition of
               such financial instrument, the Company will measure the loss provision at the amount which
               is equivalent to the amount of the expected credit loss within 12 months in the future of
               such financial instrument. Amount increased or reversed of loss provision arising therefrom
               will be included in the current profit or loss as impairment loss or gain. For financial assets
               (debt instruments) at fair value through other comprehensive income, a provision for
               impairment is recognized in other comprehensive income, and the impairment loss or gain is
               recognized in profit or loss and does not reduce the carrying amount of the financial asset
               as stated in the balance sheet.

               The Company combines the accounts receivable and contract assets according to similar
               credit risk characteristics and based on forward-looking information and all other reasonable
               and reliable information, estimates the proportion of provision for bad debts of accounts
               receivable as follows:

                 Determination basis of
                 portfolio                Portfolio analysis method
                 Portfolio of receivables For the accounts receivable from related parties (including the
                   from related parties open accounts with the shareholder company, the open accounts
                                          between the parent company and the subsidiaries or between
                                          subsidiaries), in principle, no provision for bad debts shall be
                                          made. However, if there is conclusive evidence that the debt unit of
                                          the related party has been revoked, bankrupt, insolvent, and the
                                          cash flow is seriously insufficient, and the receivables will not be
                                          recovered by debt restructuring or other means, the corresponding
                                          provision for bad debts shall be accrued according to the
                                          estimated possible losses from bad debts, and the provision for
                                          bad debts may also be accrued for all the receivables from related
                                          parties that are estimated to be unrecoverable.
                 Portfolio of receivables Based on the experience of historical credit losses, the Group
                   from third parties     adopts a simplified method to calculate the expected credit losses
                                          by using the reserve matrix for the expected credit losses of the
                                          whole duration.


               The measurement of provision for impairment loss on other receivables is conducted in
               accordance with the measurement method of impairment loss on the aforesaid financial
               assets (excluding accounts receivables).


108
                                                                                      Annual Report 2024




                                                                      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
        3.9.6 Test method and accounting treatment of impairment of financial assets (Continued)
             The balance of other receivables mainly includes: The payment by the Company’s wholly
             owned subsidiary, Accounting Centre of China Aviation Company Limited paid on behalf of
             airlines for the settlement and clearing services provided to them, and the principal of the
             factoring of accounts receivable collected by Antu Jinxin Commercial Factoring Co., Ltd., a
             subsidiary of Accounting Centre of China Aviation Company Limited. As these accounts are
             within the normal collection period, and from experience observations, no credit risk has
             occurred, or the borrower has strong financial support to repay the funds in the short term.
             Hence, they are treated low credit risk and no expected credit loss is accrued.

             For various types of margin, deposit and reserve borrowings, in principle, no provision for
             bad debts is made. However, if there is conclusive evidence that bad debts have been
             formed, corresponding bad debt provisions will be made based on the estimated bad debt
             losses that may occur.

             If the Company no longer reasonably expects that the contractual cash flow of the financial
             asset can be fully or partially recovered, the book balance of the financial asset will be
             directly written down.

    3.10 Inventories
        3.10.1 Classification and cost of inventories
             Inventories are classified as: Raw materials, low-cost consumables, stock commodities,
             goods dispatched, contract performance cost, contract acquisition cost, etc.

             Inventories are initially measured at cost, and the inventory cost includes the procurement
             cost, processing cost, and other expenses arising from making the inventory at their present
             location and condition.

        3.10.2 Measurement method of dispatched inventories
             The Company’s inventories are measured at the actual cost when shipped.

        3.10.3 Inventory system
             Perpetual inventory system is adopted.

        3.10.4 Amortization methods for low-cost consumables and packaging materials
             (1)   One-off write-off method is adopted for low-cost consumables;

             (2)   One-off write-off method is adopted for packaging materials.




                                                                                                    109
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.10 Inventories (Continued)
          3.10.5 Recognition standards and accrual methods for inventory depreciation provisions
               On the balance sheet date, inventories shall be measured at the cost or the net realizable
               value, whichever is lower. Where the inventory cost is higher than its realizable value, the
               provision for inventory impairment shall be made. During routine activities, net realizable
               values of inventories refer to the amounts of the estimated selling prices of inventories
               minus the estimated costs to completion, estimated selling expenses and relevant taxes and
               surcharges.

               Net realizable values of merchandise inventories held directly for sale, such as finished
               goods, stock commodities, and available-for-sale materials, are measured at the estimated
               selling prices less estimated sales expenses and relevant taxes and surcharges in the
               normal production process. Net realizable values of material inventories which need further
               processing are measured at the estimated selling prices less the estimated costs of
               completion, estimated sales expenses and relevant taxes and surcharges in the normal
               production process. Net realizable values of inventories held for the purpose of fulfillment of
               sales contracts or service contracts are calculated on the basis of the contract prices; if the
               quantity of inventories held exceeds that stated in the contract, the net realizable values of
               the excessive part are calculated on the basis of normal selling prices.

               When the provision for inventory impairment is made, where the previous factor rendering
               the write-down of the inventory value has been eliminated, for which the net realizable value
               of the inventory is higher than the book value of the same, the provision for inventory
               impairment shall be reversed from the amount of provision for inventory impairment
               originally made, and the reversed amount shall be included in the current profit or loss.

      3.11 Contract assets
          3.11.1 Recognition method and criteria for contract assets
               The Company presents contract assets or contract liabilities in the balance sheet based on
               the relationship between its performance of fulfillment obligations and customer payments.
               The right of the Company to the charge of consideration via goods transfer or service
               rendering to the customer (and the right depends on other factors except for the time
               lapses) is presented as contract asset. Contractual assets and contractual liabilities under
               the same contract shall be presented at net amount. The unconditional (only depending on
               the time lapses) right to the charge of consideration from the customer, possessed by the
               Company, is presented as receivables.

          3.11.2 Determination method and accounting treatment for the expected credit loss of contract
                 assets
               See “3.9.6 Test method and accounting treatment of depreciation of financial assets”, for the
               determination method and accounting treatment for the expected credit loss of contract
               assets.


110
                                                                                           Annual Report 2024




                                                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.12 Assets held for sale and discontinued operation
        3.12.1 Assets held for sale
             Where the Company recovers the book value of any non-current asset or disposed asset
             portfolio mainly through selling (including the exchange of non-monetary assets with
             commercial essence) but not continuously using the same, such non-current asset or
             disposed asset portfolio shall be divided into assets held for sale.

             The Company recognizes non-current assets or disposed asset portfolios meeting the
             following conditions at the same time as assets held for sale:

             (1)   According to the general practice for selling such kind of asset or disposed asset portfolio
                   in the similar transaction, the asset or portfolio can be immediately sold in the
                   prevailing circumstance;

             (2)   The sale of the asset or portfolio is very likely to happen, which means that the Company
                   has made a resolution for one selling plan and has acquired the decided purchase
                   commitment, and it is estimated that the sale will be completed within one year. Where
                   the sale is subject to the approval of relevant authorities or regulatory authorities of the
                   Company according to relevant provisions, the approval has been obtained.

             For any non-current asset (excluding financial assets, deferred tax assets) or disposed asset
             portfolio classified assets as held for sale, where its book value is higher than the net
             amount of its fair value less the selling expense, the book value shall be written down to the
             net amount of the fair value less the selling expense, and the amount written down shall be
             recognized as the losses from asset impairment and included in the current profit or loss,
             while the provision for impairment of assets held for sale is made.




                                                                                                          111
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.12 Assets held for sale and discontinued operation (Continued)
          3.12.2 Discontinued operation
               A discontinued operation is a separately distinguishable component that meets one of the
               following conditions and that has been disposed of by the Company or classified by the
               Company as held for sale:

               (1)   The component represents a separate major operation or a separate major operating
                     area;

               (2)   The component is part of a related plan for the proposed disposition of a separate
                     principal business or a separate principal operating area;

               (3)   The component is a subsidiary acquired exclusively for resale.

               Gains and losses from continuing operations and gains and losses from discontinued
               operations are presented separately in the income statement. Operating gains and losses,
               such as impairment losses and reversal amount for discontinued operations, as well as gains
               and losses on disposals, are presented as gains and losses from discontinued operations.
               For discontinued operations reported in the current period, the Company restates the
               information that was previously reported as profit or loss from continuing operations as
               profit or loss from discontinued operations for the comparable accounting period in the
               financial statements of current period.

      3.13 Long-term equity investments
          3.13.1 Judgment criteria for joint control and significant influence
               Joint control refers to the control shared over an arrangement in accordance with the
               relevant stipulations, and the decision-making of related activities of the arrangement should
               not be made before the party sharing the control right agrees the same. Where the
               Company exercises common control over the investee together with other parties to the joint
               venture and enjoys the right on the investee’s net assets, the investee is a joint venture of
               the Company.

               Significant influence refers to the power to participate in making decisions on the financial
               and operating policies of the investee, but not the power to control or jointly control the
               formulation of such policies with other parties. Where the Company is able to exert
               significant influence over the investee, the investee is its associate.




112
                                                                                           Annual Report 2024




                                                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.13 Long-term equity investments (Continued)
        3.13.2 Determination of initial investment cost
             (1)   Long-term equity investment acquired from business combination
                   For the long-term equity investments in subsidiaries formed by the business
                   combination under common control, the share of book value of its shareholders’ equity
                   in the combine in the consolidated financial statements of the ultimate controller shall
                   be recognized, on the combination date, as the initial cost of the long-term equity
                   investment. If there is a difference between the initial investment cost of the long-term
                   equity investment and the book values of the paid consideration, the difference shall be
                   used to adjust the share premium in the capital reserve; and if the share premium in
                   the capital reserve is insufficient to be offset, retained earnings shall be adjusted. If it
                   is possible to control an investee under the same control due to additional investment
                   or other reasons, the initial investment cost of the long-term equity investment
                   confirmed according to the above principles shall be equal to the book value of the
                   long-term equity investment before the merger plus the new consideration paid for
                   further shares acquired on the merger date. The difference between the sum of the
                   book values shall be adjusted to the equity premium. If the equity premium is
                   insufficient to offset, the retained earnings shall be offset.

                   For the long-term equity investments in subsidiaries formed by the business
                   combination not under common control, the Company recognizes the combination cost
                   determined on the combination date as the initial investment cost of long-term equity
                   investments. If it is possible to exercise control over an investee that is not under the
                   same control due to additional investment or other reasons, the initial investment cost
                   shall be the sum of the book value of the original equity investment plus the cost of
                   the new investment.

             (2)   Long-term equity investment acquired by means other than business combination
                   For long-term equity investments acquired through making payments in cash, its initial
                   investment cost is the actually paid purchase cost.

                   For long-term equity investments acquired from issuance of equity securities, its initial
                   investment cost is the fair value of the issued equity securities.




                                                                                                          113
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.13 Long-term equity investments (Continued)
          3.13.3 Subsequent measurement and recognition of profits or losses
               (1)   Long-term equity investments accounted for under the cost method
                     Long-term equity investments of the Company in its subsidiaries are accounted for
                     under the cost method unless such investments meet the conditions of holding for sale.
                     Under the cost method, except for the actual price paid for acquisition of investment or
                     the cash dividends or profits contained in the consideration which have been declared
                     but not yet distributed, the Company recognizes the proportion it shall enjoy in the cash
                     dividends or profits declared by the investee as its investment income.

               (2)   Long-term equity investments accounted for under equity method
                     Long-term equity investments in associates and joint ventures are accounted for under
                     the equity method. If the initial investment cost is in excess of the share of fair value of
                     the net identifiable assets in the investee when the investment is made, the difference
                     will not be adjusted to the initial cost of long-term equity investment; if the initial
                     investment cost is in short of the share of the fair value of the net identifiable assets in
                     the investee when the investment is made, the difference will be included in the
                     current profit or loss, and will be adjusted to the initial cost of long-term equity
                     investment.

                     The Company shall, based on its attributable share of the net profit or loss and other
                     comprehensive income realized by the investee, respectively recognize the investment
                     income and other comprehensive income, and simultaneously adjust the book value of
                     the long-term equity investment. The Company shall, in the light of the profits or cash
                     dividends that the investee declares to distribute, reduce the book value of the
                     long-term equity investment correspondingly. As to other changes in shareholders’
                     equity of the investee other than net profit or loss, other comprehensive income and
                     profit distribution (hereinafter referred to as “Other Changes in shareholders’ Equity”),
                     the Company shall adjust the book value of the long-term equity investment and
                     include such change in the shareholders’ equity.

                     The Company shall, based on the fair value of net identifiable assets of the investee
                     when the investment is made, recognize its attributable share of the net profits or
                     losses, other comprehensive income, and other changes in shareholders’ equity of the
                     investee after the adjustment made to the net profit and other comprehensive income
                     of the investee according to the accounting policies and accounting period adopted by
                     the Company.




114
                                                                                        Annual Report 2024




                                                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.13 Long-term equity investments (Continued)
        3.13.3 Subsequent measurement and recognition of profits or losses (Continued)
             (2)   Long-term equity investments accounted for under equity method (Continued)
                   The Company calculates its attributable but not realized profit or loss from internal
                   transactions between the Company and its associates or joint ventures based on its
                   attributable percentage and offset such profit or loss and recognizes the investment
                   income on that basis; however, businesses formed by assets invested or sold are
                   excluded. Unrealized losses from internal transactions between the Company and any
                   investee shall be recognized in full if they belong to the losses from asset impairment.

                   For net losses on joint ventures or associates, apart from the obligation of assuming
                   the extra loss, the Company shall write down such losses with the book value of
                   long-term equity investments and the long-term equity where net investments in joint
                   ventures or associates have been formed substantially; and the maximum of such
                   losses shall be the sum of the book value and long-term equity mentioned above.
                   Where any joint venture or associate realize net profit in the future, the Company shall
                   recognize the income sharing amount when the unrecognized loss sharing amount is
                   offset with the income sharing amount.

            (3)    Disposal of long-term equity investments
                   For disposal of long-term equity investments, the difference between the book value
                   and the actual price shall be included in the current investment income.

                   For long-term equity investments with partial disposal accounting by the equity method,
                   where the remaining equity is still accounted for by the equity method, other
                   comprehensive income recognized originally upon the accounting by the equity method
                   shall be carried forward at the corresponding proportion on the basis same with that
                   for the direct disposal of relevant assets or liabilities by the investee, and other
                   changes in shareholders’ equity shall be carried forward to the current profit or loss in
                   proportion.

                   Where the Company loses the common control over or significant influence on the
                   investee on account of the disposal of equity investment and any other reason, when
                   the accounting by the equity method is terminated, other comprehensive income
                   recognized upon the accounting by the equity method from the original equity
                   investment shall be subject to the accounting treatment which is made on the basis
                   same with that for the direct disposal of relevant assets or liabilities by the investee,
                   and other changes in shareholders’ equity shall be transferred to the current profit or
                   loss in full.




                                                                                                       115
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.13 Long-term equity investments (Continued)
          3.13.3 Subsequent measurement and recognition of profits or losses (Continued)
               (3)   Disposal of long-term equity investments (Continued)
                     Where the Company loses the control over the investee on account of the disposal of
                     partial equity and any other reason, at the preparation of any single financial
                     statements, if the remaining equity has the common control over or significant
                     influence on the investee, the accounting shall be made by the equity method, and an
                     adjustment shall be made as if the remaining equity was accounted for by the equity
                     method at acquisition; other comprehensive income recognized before the control over
                     the investee is obtained shall be carried forward on the basis same with that for the
                     direct disposal of relevant assets or liabilities by the investee, and other changes in
                     shareholders’ equity recognized on account of the accounting by the equity method
                     shall be carried forward to the current profit or loss in proportion; if the remaining
                     equity has no common control over or significant influence on the investee, relevant
                     financial assets shall be recognized, the difference between the fair value on the day of
                     losing control of such remaining equity and the book value of the same shall be
                     included in the current profit or loss, and other comprehensive income and other
                     changes in shareholders’ equity which have been recognized before the control over the
                     investee is obtained shall be carried forward in full.

                     Where the disposal of subsidiaries’ equity investments till the loss of control by stages
                     through multiple transactions belongs to a package deal, the accounting treatment
                     shall be made by taking each transaction as the transaction where the subsidiaries’
                     equity investments are disposed and the corresponding control is lost; before the loss
                     of control, the difference between the disposal price and the book value of the
                     long-term equity investment corresponding to the equity disposed shall be firstly
                     recognized as other comprehensive income in the individual financial statements, and at
                     the loss of control, all transferred to the profit or loss for the period when the control
                     is lost. Where the aforesaid disposal does not belong to a package deal, the accounting
                     treatment shall be made respectively for each transaction.




116
                                                                                        Annual Report 2024




                                                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.14 Investment properties
        Investment property is the property to earn rentals or for capital appreciation or both. Examples
        include leased land use right, land use right held for transfer upon appreciation, and leased
        building (including buildings that have been constructed or developed for future lease out under
        operating leases, and buildings that are being constructed or developed for future lease out under
        operating leases).

        Subsequent expenditures related to investment properties are included in the costs of investment
        properties when relevant economic benefits are likely to flow in the Company and their costs can
        be measured reliably; otherwise, such subsequent expenditures shall be included in the current
        profit or loss when occur.

        The Company measures its existing investment property by using the cost model. For investment
        properties measured using the cost method — a building used for rental is subject to Company’s
        depreciation policy for fixed assets, and the land use right used for rental is subject to the
        amortization policy for intangible assets.

    3.15 Fixed assets
        3.15.1 Recognition criteria of fixed assets
             Fixed assets refer to tangible assets held for commodity production, rendering of services,
             renting or business management, with the useful lives over one year. Fixed assets are
             recognized when they simultaneously meet the following conditions:

             (1)   It is probable that the economic benefits relating to the fixed assets will flow into the
                   Company;

             (2)   The costs of the fixed assets can be measured reliably.

             The initial measurement of fixed assets is made at cost (and by taking the impact of
             expected disposal costs).

             The subsequent expenditures relating to fixed assets are included in the costs of fixed
             assets when relevant economic benefits are likely to flow in the Company and their costs can
             be measured reliably; as for the party replaced, the book value thereof is derecognized; all
             other subsequent expenditures are included in the current profit or loss when they occur.




                                                                                                       117
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.15 Fixed assets (Continued)
          3.15.2 Depreciation method
               The provision for depreciation of fixed assets is made by the straight-line method by
               category. The depreciation rate is determined based on the category, estimated useful life
               and estimated net residual value rate of fixed assets. For fixed assets where the provision
               for impairment has been made, the depreciation amount in the future will be determined at
               the book value of the fixed assets where the provision for impairment has been deducted,
               based on the remaining useful life. Where the fixed assets have the components with
               different useful lives or bring economic benefits for the enterprise in different ways, then the
               Company should choose different depreciation rates or methods to separately make the
               provision for depreciation.

               The depreciation life, residual value rates and annual depreciation rates of fixed assets are
               presented by category as follows:

                                                                                                    Annual
                                                      Depreciation life    Residual value depreciation rate
                 Category                                        (Year)          rate (%)               (%)
                 Buildings and constructions                     10–35                3.00         2.77–9.70
                 Transportation facilities                        5–10                3.00        9.70–19.40
                 Machinery and equipment                          3–10                3.00        9.70–32.33
                 Electronic equipment                             3–11                3.00        8.82–32.33
                 Office equipment                                  3–9                3.00       10.78–32.33
                 Others                                            2–9                3.00       10.78–48.50


          3.15.3 Disposal of fixed assets
               When the fixed assets are disposed, or they are expected not to bring any economic interest
               via use or disposal, such fixed assets will be derecognized. When the fixed asset is sold,
               transferred, scrapped or damaged, the Company will include such disposal revenue,
               deducting the book value and related taxes and surcharges thereof, in the current profit or
               loss.




118
                                                                                        Annual Report 2024




                                                                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.16 Construction in progress
        Construction in progress is measured at the actual cost incurred. The actual costs include
        building costs, installation costs, borrowing costs eligible for capitalization and other necessary
        expenditures to make the construction in progress achieve the working condition for its intended
        use. Constructions in progress are transferred to fixed assets when they reach the condition for its
        intended use, and the provision of depreciation will be provided since the next month. The
        standards and timing for transferring the company’s construction-in-progress to fixed assets are
        as follows:

        The physical construction (including installation) of the fixed asset has been completed or
        substantially completed.

        The amount of expenditure on fixed assets for this construction is very small or almost no longer
        occurs.

    3.17 Borrowing costs
        3.17.1 Recognition criteria of capitalization of borrowing costs
             The borrowing costs incurred to the Company and directly attributable to the acquisition and
             construction or production of assets eligible for capitalization should be capitalized and
             recorded into asset costs; other borrowing costs should be recognized as costs according to
             the amount incurred and be included into the current profit or loss.

             Assets eligible for capitalization refer to fixed assets, investment property, inventories and
             other assets which may reach their intended use or sale status only after long-time
             acquisition and construction or production activities.




                                                                                                       119
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.17 Borrowing costs (Continued)
          3.17.2 Capitalization period for borrowing costs
               Capitalization period refers to the period from the beginning of capitalization to the cease of
               capitalization for borrowing costs, excluding the period of capitalization suspension of
               borrowing costs.

               Borrowing costs may be capitalized only when all the following conditions are met:

               (1)   Asset expenses, which include those incurred by cash payment, the transfer of non-cash
                     assets or the undertaking of interest-bearing debts for acquiring and constructing or
                     producing assets eligible for capitalization, have already been incurred;

               (2)   Borrowing costs have already been incurred;

               (3)   The acquisition and construction or production activities which are necessary to prepare
                     the assets for their intended use or sale have already been started.

               Capitalization of borrowing costs should be ceased when the acquired and constructed or
               produced assets eligible for capitalization have reached their intended use or sale status.

          3.17.3 Period of capitalization suspension
               If the acquisition and construction or production activities of assets eligible for capitalization
               are abnormally interrupted and such condition lasts for more than 3 months, the
               capitalization of borrowing costs should be suspended; if the interruption is necessary
               procedures for the acquired, the constructed or produced assets eligible for capitalization to
               reach the working conditions for its intended use or sale, the borrowing costs continue to be
               capitalized. Borrowing costs incurred during the interruption are recognized as the current
               profit or loss and continue to be capitalized until the acquisition, construction or production
               of the assets restarts.




120
                                                                                       Annual Report 2024




                                                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.17 Borrowing costs (Continued)
        3.17.4 Measurement of capitalization rate and capitalized amounts of borrowing costs
             As for special borrowings borrowed for acquiring and constructing or producing assets
             eligible for capitalization, borrowing costs of special borrowing actually incurred in the
             current period less the interest income of the borrowings unused and deposited in bank or
             return on temporary investment should be recognized as the capitalization amount of
             borrowing costs.

             As for general borrowings used for acquiring and constructing or producing assets eligible
             for capitalization, the amount of general borrowings to be capitalized should be calculated by
             multiplying the weighted average of asset disbursements of the part of accumulated asset
             disbursements exceeding special borrowings by the capitalization rate of used general
             borrowings. The capitalization rate is calculated by weighted average interest rate of general
             borrowings.

             During the capitalization period, exchange differences of principal and interest on foreign
             currency special borrowings shall be capitalized and included in the cost of assets eligible
             for capitalization. Exchange differences arising from the principal and interest on foreign
             currency borrowings other than foreign currency special borrowings are recognized in the
             current profit or loss.

    3.18 Intangible assets
        3.18.1 Measurement of intangible assets
             (1)   The Company initially measures intangible assets at cost on acquisition
                   The costs of externally acquired intangible assets comprise their purchase prices,
                   related taxes and surcharges and any other directly attributable expenditure incurred to
                   prepare the assets for their intended use.

             (2)   Subsequent measurement
                   The useful lives of the intangible assets are analyzed and determined on acquisition.

                   As for intangible assets with limited useful life, straight-line amortization method is
                   adopted in the period when the intangible assets generate economic benefit for
                   enterprise; if the period when the intangible assets generate economic benefit for
                   enterprise cannot be forecasted, the intangible assets should be deemed as those with
                   indefinite useful life and should not be amortized.




                                                                                                      121
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.18 Intangible assets (Continued)
          3.18.2 Estimate of the useful life of the intangible assets with definite useful lives


                                                                                                       Basis for
                                                                                                    recognition
                                           Estimated       Amortization           Residual         of estimated
                 Item                      useful live         method              rate %             useful life
                 Data resource             3–5 years       straight-line              0.00 Period of benefit
                 Land use right          40–50 years       straight-line              0.00       Useful life
                 Software                  3–5 years       straight-line              0.00 Period of benefit
                 Non-patented                 5 years      straight-line              0.00 Period of benefit
                   technology


          3.18.3 Determination basis and procedure for review of useful life for intangible assets with
                 indefinite useful life
               As at the balance sheet date, the Group has no intangible assets with indefinite useful lives.

          3.18.4 Scope of collection of research and development expenditures
               Expenditures incurred by the company during the research and development process include
               relevant employee salaries, consumed materials, related depreciation and amortization
               expenses and other related expenses for personnel engaged in research and development
               activities.

          3.18.5 Specific criteria for classifying research and development stages
               The Company’s expenses for its internal research and development projects are classified
               into research expenses and development expenses.

               Research stage: Research stage is the stage when creative and planned investigation and
               research activities are conducted to acquire and understand new scientific or technological
               knowledge.

               Development stage: Development stage is the stage when the research achievements and
               other knowledge are applied to a plan or design, prior to the commercial production or use,
               so as to produce any new or substantially improved material, device or product.




122
                                                                                             Annual Report 2024




                                                                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.18 Intangible assets (Continued)
        3.18.6 Criteria for capitalization of development expenditures
             The research expenditure is included in the current profit or loss when it occurs. The
             development expenditure is recognized as intangible assets when it meets the following
             conditions at the same time, and is included in the current profit or loss when it fails to
             meet the following conditions:

             (1)   It is feasible technically to finish intangible assets for use or sale;

             (2)   It is intended to finish and use or sell the intangible asset;

             (3)   The ways how the intangible assets generate economic benefits include the way where
                   it is able to prove that the products made by using the intangible assets exist a market
                   or that the intangible assets themselves have the market, and the way where the
                   serviceability of the intangible assets can be proved in case they are used internally;

             (4)   It is able to finish the development of the intangible assets and to use or sell the same
                   with the support of sufficient technologies, financial resources and other resources;and

             (5)   The expenditure attributable to the intangible assets during its development phase can
                   be measured reliably.

             If the research expenditure and development expenditure are indistinguishable, all research
             and development expenditures incurred will be included in the current profit or loss.

    3.19 Impairment of long-term assets
        Where there are signs of impairment on long-term assets, such as long-term equity investments,
        investment properties measured with cost model, fixed assets, construction in progress,
        right-of-use assets and oil and gas assets with definite useful lives, on the balance sheet date, the
        impairment test should be made. Where the result of the impairment test shows that the
        recoverable amount of the asset is lower than book value, the provision for impairment should be
        made and included in impairment loss. The recoverable amount of the asset is the higher of the
        net amount of its fair valueless disposal expenses or the present value of its estimated future
        cash flows. Provision for asset impairment is made on individual asset basis. If it is difficult to
        estimate the recoverable amount of the individual asset, the Company will estimate the
        recoverable amount of the asset portfolio where the individual asset belongs. Asset portfolio is the
        smallest one that can independently generate cash inflows.

        For goodwill resulting from business combinations, intangible assets with uncertain useful lives,
        and intangible assets that have not yet reached serviceable condition, regardless of whether there
        are signs of impairment, at least at the end of each year, the impairment test is carried out at the
        end of each year.



                                                                                                          123
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.19 Impairment of long-term assets (Continued)
          The Company conducts goodwill impairment tests and apportions the carrying amount of goodwill
          resulting from business combinations to the relevant asset groups in a reasonable manner from
          the date of purchase; If it is difficult to allocate to related asset groups, it will be allocated to the
          related asset group combination. The associated asset group or combination of asset groups is the
          asset group or combination of asset groups that can benefit from the synergies of the business
          combination.

          When conducting an impairment test on a group or combination of assets containing goodwill, if
          there are signs of impairment in the asset group or portfolio of asset groups related to goodwill,
          the impairment test is first carried out on the asset group or asset group combination that does
          not contain goodwill, the recoverable amount is calculated, and the corresponding impairment loss
          is recognized by comparing it with the relevant carrying value. Then, the impairment test is
          carried out on the asset group or asset group combination containing goodwill, and the carrying
          amount is compared with the recoverable amount, if the recoverable amount is lower than the
          book value, the amount of impairment loss is first offset against the carrying value of the goodwill
          allocated to the asset group or asset group combination, and then the carrying value of the other
          assets is proportionally offset according to the proportion of the carrying value of the assets other
          than goodwill in the asset group or asset group combination. The losses from impairment of the
          above assets cannot be reversed in subsequent accounting periods once recognized.

      3.20 Long-term deferred expenses
          Long-term deferred expenses refer to various expenses which have been already incurred but will
          be borne in current and future reporting periods with an amortization period of over one year.

      3.21 Contract liabilities
          According to the relationship between the performance of obligations and the customer payment,
          the Company presents contract assets or contract liabilities in the balance sheet. The Company’s
          obligations in transferring goods or rendering services to customers on the ground that it has
          received or will receive relevant considerations from these customers are presented as contract
          liabilities. Contract assets and contract liabilities under the same contract should be presented at
          net amount.




124
                                                                                          Annual Report 2024




                                                                        NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.22 Employee benefits
        3.22.1 Accounting treatment of short-term compensation
             During the accounting period when employees serve the Company, the actual short-term
             compensation is recognized as liabilities and included in current profit or loss or costs
             associated with assets.

             The cost of social insurance and housing fund paid by Company for employees and the labor
             union cost and employee education costs provided by the Company in accordance with
             provisions shall, in the accounting period, during which the service is provided by employees
             for enterprises, be used to calculate corresponding amount of employee benefits according
             to the stipulated provision basis and proportion.

             The employee welfare occurring in the Company shall be include in the current profit or loss
             or the related asset costs according to the actual amount when actually occurring. Among
             them, non-monetary benefits are measured at the fair value.

        3.22.2 Accounting treatment of post-employment benefits
            (1)   Defined contribution plan
                  The Company pays the basic endowment insurance premiums and unemployment
                  insurance for employees according to the relevant provisions of the local governments.
                  During the accounting period when employees serve the Company, the paid amount
                  which is calculated based on the payment base and proportion as stipulated in the
                  provisions of the local place is recognized as liabilities and included in current profit or
                  loss or related asset costs. In addition, the Company also participates in the enterprise
                  annuity plans/supplementary pension funds approved by the relevant state authorities.
                  The Company makes payments to the annuity plans or local social insurance
                  institutions in a certain proportion to the total employee wage, with corresponding
                  expenses included in the current profit or loss or related asset costs.

            (2)   Defined benefit plans
                  According to the formula determined based on expected cumulative unit method, the
                  Company will set the period that the welfare obligations deriving from the defined
                  benefit plan, which will be included in current profit or loss or assets-related cost.

                  A net liability or net asset in connection with the defined benefit plan is recognized at
                  the present value of the obligation under the defined benefit plan less the deficit or
                  surplus arising out of the fair value of the assets under the defined benefit plan. For a
                  surplus of defined benefit plans, the Company should measure the net asset of such
                  defined benefit plans at the lower of the surplus of such defined benefit plans and
                  asset upper limit thereof.




                                                                                                         125
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.22 Employee benefits (Continued)
          3.22.2 Accounting treatment of post-employment benefits (Continued)
               (2)   Defined benefit plans (Continued)
                     Obligations under the defined benefit plan, including the payment obligation that is
                     expected to be done within 12 months following the annual reporting period when the
                     employees serve for the Company, are discounted at the market yield of the national
                     debt matching with the obligatory term of the defined benefit plan and the currency on
                     the balance sheet date or the bonds of the high-quality companies in the active market.

                     The service costs of the defined benefit plan and net interest on the net liabilities or net
                     assets in respect of the defined benefit plan are included in the current profit or loss
                     or assets-related costs; changes in the re-measurement of net liabilities or net assets
                     under the defined benefit plans should be included in other comprehensive income and
                     should not be reversed in subsequent accounting periods. When the original defined
                     benefit plan terminates, the portion originally included in other comprehensive income
                     will all be transferred to the undistributed profits.

                     For the settlement of the defined benefit plan, the balance between the present value
                     and the settlement price in regard to the defined benefit plan confirmed on the
                     settlement date is recognized and settled as gains or losses.

          3.22.3 Accounting treatment of dismissal benefits
               Where the Company provides dismissal welfare to employees, employee benefits incurred
               from dismissal benefits are recognized as liabilities and recorded into the current profit and
               loss at the earlier date of: when the Company is unable to unilaterally withdraw the
               dismissal benefits provided in the plan on the cancellation of labor relationship or the layoff
               proposal; when the Company recognizes the cost related to restructuring concerning
               payment of dismissal benefits.




126
                                                                                         Annual Report 2024




                                                                        NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.23 Estimated liabilities
        When an obligation relating to a contingency meets all the following conditions at the same time,it
        will be recognized as an estimated liability by the Company:

        (1)   Such obligation is a present obligation of the Company;

        (2)   The performance of such obligation is likely to result in outflow of economic benefits from the
              Company;

        (3)   The amount of the obligation can be measured reliably.

        Estimated liabilities of the Company are initially measured as the best estimate of expenses
        required for the performance of relevant present obligations.

        When determining the best estimates, the Company comprehensively considers the risks,
        uncertainties, time value of money, and other factors relating to the contingencies. If the time
        value of money is significant, the best estimates shall be determined after discount of relevant
        future cash outflows.

        If there is continuous range for the necessary expenses, and probabilities of occurrence of all the
        outcomes within this range are equal, the best estimate will be determined at the intermediate
        value; in other cases, the best estimate is subject to the treatment for the following
        circumstances:

        •     If contingencies are involved with single project, the estimate will be determined based on the
              amount which is most likely to occur.

        •     If contingencies are involved with several projects, the estimate will be determined based on
              various possible results and relevant probabilities.

        If all or part of the expenses necessary for liquidating estimated liabilities are expected to be
        compensated by a third party, the compensation will be separately recognized as assets when it is
        virtually certain that the compensation will be received. The compensation recognized should not
        exceed the book value of estimated liabilities.

        The Company reviews the book value of estimated liabilities on the balance sheet date. If there is
        unambiguous evidence indicating that such book value cannot reflect the current best estimate,
        such book value will be adjusted based on the current best estimate.




                                                                                                        127
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.24 Share-based payments
          The Company’s share-based payments are transactions in which the Company grants equity
          instruments or undertakes equity-instrument-based liabilities in return for services from
          employees or other parties. The share-based payments of the Company consist of equity-settled
          share-based payments and cash-settled share-based payments.

          3.24.1 Equity-settled share-based payment and equity instruments
               Where the Company acquires services rendered by employees via the equity-settled
               share-based payment, such payment should be calculated at the fair value of equity
               instruments granted to employees. The Company includes the share-based payment for which
               relevant right can be exercised subsequent to the grant of equity instruments in relevant
               costs or expenses on the grant date at the fair value of equity instruments and increases
               capital reserves accordingly. For the share-based payment for which relevant right can be
               exercised after the grant of equity instruments only when the services during the waiting
               period are completed or the specified performance conditions are met, on each balance
               sheet date within the waiting period, the Company, based on the best estimate of the
               quantity of equity instruments where relevant rights can be exercised, includes the services
               acquired during that period in relevant costs or expenses at the fair value on the grant date,
               and increases capital reserves accordingly.

               In case any clause on the equity-settled share-based payment has been modified, services
               acquired should be recognized as if such clause has not been modified. In addition, the
               increase in services acquired should be recognized in case of any increase to the fair value
               of equity instruments granted or any change favorable to employees on the date of
               increasing such fair value.

               During the waiting period, if any equity instrument granted is canceled, the Company will
               accelerate the right exercise relevant to the equity instrument canceled, immediately include
               the amount which should be recognized during the remaining waiting period in the current
               profit or loss, and recognize capital reserves at the same time. However, if any new equity
               instrument is granted and on the date of granting such new equity instrument, it is affirmed
               that such new equity instrument can replace the canceled one, the treatment for such new
               equity instrument will be made in the way for modifying terms and conditions of the original
               equity instrument.




128
                                                                                          Annual Report 2024




                                                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.24 Share-based payments (Continued)
        3.24.2 Cash-settled share-based payment and equity instruments
             Cash-settled share-based payment is measured at the fair value of the liability which is
             assumed by the Company and calculated based on share or other equity instrument. The
             Company includes the share-based payment for which relevant right can be exercised
             subsequent to the grant of equity instruments in relevant costs or expenses on the grant
             date at the fair value of the liability it assumes, and increase liabilities accordingly. For the
             share-based payment for which relevant right can be exercised after the grant of equity
             instruments only when the services during the waiting period are completed or the specified
             performance conditions are met, on each balance sheet date within the waiting period, the
             Company, based on the best estimate on the situation of exercising relevant right, includes
             the services acquired during that period in relevant costs or expenses and in liabilities
             according, at the fair value of the liability the Company assumes. On each balance sheet date
             and settlement date prior to the settlement of relevant liabilities, the fair value of liability
             should be remeasured through the current profit or loss.

             The Company amends the terms and conditions of the cash-settled share-based payment
             agreement so that it is paid in equity-settled shares, and on the modification date (whether
             occurring during or after the end of the waiting period), the Company measures the
             equity-settled share payments at the fair value of the equity instrument on the date of grant,
             includes the services obtained in the capital reserve, and derecognizes the cash-settled
             share-based payment of the recognized liabilities on the modification date, the difference
             between which is recognized in profit or loss for the period. If the waiting period is extended
             or shortened due to the amendment, the Company will account for the revised waiting
             period.

    3.25 Revenue
        3.25.1 Accounting policies adopted for revenue recognition and measurement
             If the Company fulfills its performance obligations in a contract, it will recognize revenue
             when relevant customer obtains right of control over relevant goods or services. Obtaining
             the right of control over relevant goods or services means that the customer is able to make
             decisions on the use of the goods or the rendering of the services, and can obtain almost all
             of the economic benefits therefrom.

             If two or more performance obligations are covered in the contract, on the contract
             commencement date, the transaction price will be amortized to individual performance
             obligation based on the relative proportion of the individual selling price of goods or services
             involved in the individual performance obligation. The Company measures revenue at the
             transaction price amortized to individual performance obligation.




                                                                                                         129
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.25 Revenue (Continued)
          3.25.1 Accounting policies adopted for revenue recognition and measurement (Continued)
               The transaction price refers to the amount of consideration the Company is expected to have
               the right to take on account of the transfer of goods or services to the customer, excluding
               the payments charged by any third party and the payments expected to be refunded to the
               customer. The Company determines the transaction price according to the contract terms
               and in light of its previous regular practice, in the meantime, factors such as variable
               consideration, significant financing composition existing in the contract, non-cash
               consideration, and consideration payable to customers will be taken into account. The
               Company determines the transaction price involving the variable consideration at the amount
               that should not exceed the amount of accumulatively recognized revenue that is highly
               unlikely to have a major reversal when relevant uncertainty is eliminated. If the significant
               financing component in covered in the contract, the Company will determine the transaction
               price based on the amount of cash payable at once by the customer when the customer
               acquires the right of control over goods or services, as assumed, and amortize the
               difference between such transaction price and the contract price by the effective interest
               method during the contract period.

               The obligation performance belongs to certain period in case one of the following conditions
               is met; otherwise, it belongs to certain time-point:

               •     The customer obtains and consumes the economic benefits brought by the performance
                     of the Company while the Company is performing the obligation.

               •     Customers are able to control the goods under construction by the Company in the course
                     of performing obligations.

               •     The Goods produced in the course of performing obligations have irreplaceable uses,
                     and the Company has the right to receive payments for the portion of the performance
                     that has been completed to date.

               For a performance obligation to be performed within a certain period, the Company
               recognizes the revenue according to the performance progress during such period, except for
               the case that the performance progress cannot be reasonably determined. The Company may
               determine the performance progress by the output method or input method based on the
               nature of goods or service. When the performance progress cannot be reasonably
               determined, if the cost incurred is expected to be compensated, the revenue will be
               recognized by the Company at the amount of the cost incurred until the performance
               progress can be reasonably determined.




130
                                                                                      Annual Report 2024




                                                                     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                               (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.25 Revenue (Continued)
        3.25.1 Accounting policies adopted for revenue recognition and measurement (Continued)
             The revenue from obligation performance belonging to certain time-point is recognized by the
             Company when the customer has acquired the right of control over relevant goods or
             services. The Company will consider the following signs when judging whether the customer
             has acquired the right of control over relevant goods or services:

             •    The customer has the current payment obligation for such goods or service, i.e. the
                  Company enjoys the current right to collect the payment for such goods or service.

             •    The Company has transferred the legal ownership of such goods to the customer, i.e.
                  the customer possesses the legal ownership of such goods.

             •    The Company has transferred goods to the customer in kind, i.e. the customer has
                  possessed such goods in kind.

             •    The substantial risks and rewards of the ownership of such goods have been transferred
                  by the Company to the customer, i.e. the customer has acquired the substantial risks
                  and rewards of the ownership of such goods.

             •    The customer has accepted such goods or services.

             The Company determines whether its status is that of a principally liable person or an agent
             at the time of engaging in a transaction based on whether it has control over the goods or
             services prior to transferring them to the customer. If the Company is able to control the
             goods or services prior to transferring them to the customer, the Company is the principal
             and recognizes revenue based on the total consideration received or receivable; otherwise,
             the Company is the agent and recognizes revenue based on the amount of commissions or
             fees it expects to be entitled to receive.




                                                                                                    131
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.25 Revenue (Continued)
          3.25.2 Disclosure of specific revenue recognition and measurement methods by type of business
               Business revenues of the Company mainly come from information technology services for
               civil aviation, settlement and clearing service, data network service, system integration
               service and technology service. In which, revenues from rendering information technology
               service for civil aviation, settlement and clearing service, data network services and
               technology service are recognized monthly in the course of rendering these services; the
               revenue from system integration service is recognized upon the acceptance inspection by the
               customer as the project work time is generally short. In the system integration project, if the
               commitment that the installation service will be rendered after the equipment delivery is
               given to the customer, and the installation service does not have significant impact on the
               equipment, the revenue recognition will be made by stages based on two obligation
               performance, i.e., sales of equipment and rendering of installation service. The revenue
               recognition for sales of equipment is made after the equipment delivery and acceptance
               inspection, and that for installation service is made after the customer fully completes the
               acceptance inspection.

      3.26 Contract costs
          Contract costs include the contract performance cost and the contract acquisition cost.

          The Company’s cost on contract performance does not belong to scope of standards for
          inventories, fixed assets or intangible assets, and is recognized as an asset when it meets the
          following conditions:

          •    Such cost is directly relevant to the contract which has been or is expected to be acquired.

          •    Such cost increases the resource which will be used by the Company for obligation
               performance.

          •    Such cost is expected to be recoverable.

          If the incremental cost incurred in the Company on account of contract acquisition is expected to
          be recoverable, it, as the contract acquisition cost, will be recognized as an asset.

          Assets related to contract cost are amortized on the basis for the recognition of revenue from
          goods or services relevant to such assets; however, if the amortization period of contract
          acquisition cost is less than one year, the Company will include such cost in the current profit or
          loss when it occurs.




132
                                                                                       Annual Report 2024




                                                                      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                               (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.26 Contract costs (Continued)
        If the book value of the assets related to contract cost is higher than the difference between the
        following two items, the Company will make the provision for impairment of the exceeding part,
        and recognize it as the loss from impairment of assets.

        1.   The remaining consideration expected to be obtained on account of the transfer of goods or
             services related to the assets;

        2.   The cost that is expected to be incurred for the purpose of transferring relevant goods or
             services.

        If the factors causing the impairment in the previous period change, resulting that the
        above-mentioned difference is higher than the book value of such assets, the Company will
        reverse the provision for impairment which has been made originally, and include it in the current
        profit or loss. However, the book value of assets reversed should not exceed the book value of
        such assets on the reversal date as if no provision for impairment has been made.

    3.27 Government grants
        3.27.1 Type
             Government grants are monetary assets and non-monetary assets freely obtained by the
             Company from the government. Government grants are classified into asset-related
             government grants and income-related government grants.

             Asset-related government grants refer to government grants obtained by the Company for
             forming long-term assets by acquisition, construction or other manners. Income-related
             government grants refer to government grants excluding the asset-related government
             grants.

        3.27.2 Timing of recognition
             Government grants are recognized when the Company can meet all conditions attached
             thereto and is able to obtain such grants.




                                                                                                     133
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.27 Government grants (Continued)
          3.27.3 Accounting treatment
               Asset-related government grants are used to offset the book value of relevant assets or
               recognized as deferred income. If such grants are recognized as the deferred income, they
               will be included in the current profit or loss by reasonable and systematic methods within
               useful lives of related assets (if such grants are relevant to routine activities of the
               Company, they will be included in other income; if such grants are irrelevant to routine
               activities of the Company, they will be included in non-operating revenue).

               Income-related government grants to be used as compensation for future expenses or losses
               are recognized as deferred income and are recorded in current profit or loss where the
               relevant expenses or losses are recognized (if they are related to daily activities of the
               Company, they will be included into other income; otherwise, they will be included in
               non-operating income) or set off the related expenses or losses; those to be used as
               compensation for incurred expenses or losses are recorded in current profit or loss (if they
               are related to daily activities of the Company, they will be included into other income;
               otherwise, they will be included in non-operating income) or will set off the related expenses
               or losses.

               The interest subsidies of policy-based preferential loans obtained by the Company are subject
               to the following accounting treatments according to two situations:

               (1)   When the finance department appropriates the interest subsidies to the lending bank,
                     and the lending bank provides the loan at the policy-based preferential interest rate to
                     the Company, the Company will take the book-entry value at the loan amount actually
                     received, and relevant loan expenses are calculated based on the principal of the loan
                     and the policy-based preferential interest rate.

               (2)   Where the finance department directly appropriates the interest subsidies to the
                     Company, the Company will use the corresponding interest subsidies to offset related
                     borrowing costs.




134
                                                                                       Annual Report 2024




                                                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.28 Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities
        Income tax includes the current income tax and deferred income tax. Except for the income tax in
        the transactions or matters of business combination and directly including relevant items in the
        owners’ equity (including other comprehensive income), the Company includes the current income
        tax and deferred income tax in the current profit or loss.

        The deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities are calculated and recognized
        based on the differences (temporary differences) between the tax bases of assets and liabilities
        and the book values of the same.

        Deferred income tax assets are recognized at deductible temporary differences to the extent that
        it shall not exceed the taxable income probably obtained in future period and used to deduct the
        deductible temporary differences. For deductible losses and tax credits that can be carried
        forward to subsequent periods, deferred income tax assets arising therefrom are recognized to the
        extent of the taxable income probably obtained in future period that can be used for deducting the
        deductible losses and tax credits.

        Taxable temporary differences are recognized as deferred income tax liabilities except in special
        circumstances.

        Special situations where the deferred income tax assets or deferred income tax liabilities are not
        recognized include:

        •    Initial recognition of goodwill;

        •    Transactions or matters that neither belong to the business combination nor affect the
             accounting profit and taxable income (or deductible loss) when they occur.

        For the taxable temporary differences related to the investments in subsidiaries, associates and
        joint ventures, the deferred tax liabilities should be recognized, unless that the timing of the
        reversal of the temporary differences is able to be controlled by the Company and the temporary
        differences will be probable not to be reversed in the foreseeable future. For deductible temporary
        differences arising from investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, when the
        temporary difference will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available
        against which the deductible temporary differences can be used, the deferred tax asset will be
        recognized.

        On the balance sheet date, the deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities are
        measured at the tax rates applicable to the period where relevant assets are expected to be
        recovered or relevant liabilities are expected to be discharged, according to the tax law.




                                                                                                      135
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.28 Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities (Continued)
          On the balance sheet date, the Company reviews the book value of deferred income tax assets. If
          it is unlikely to obtain sufficient taxable income in the future to offset against the benefit of
          deferred income tax assets, the book value of deferred income tax assets will be written down. If
          it is likely to obtain sufficient taxable income, the book value of deferred tax assets written down
          will be recovered.

          If the Company has the legal right to settle in net amounts and intends to settle in net amount or
          to obtain assets and discharge liabilities simultaneously, the current tax assets and current tax
          liabilities of the Company shall be presented based on the net amount after offset.

          On the balance sheet date, deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities
          simultaneously meeting the following conditions are presented by net amount after offset:

          •    The taxpayer has the legal right to settle the current income tax assets and current income
               tax liabilities by net amount;

          •    Deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities are related to the income tax
               which are imposed on the same taxpayer by the same tax collection authority or to different
               taxpayers, but, in each important future period in connection with the reversal of deferred
               income tax assets and liabilities, the involved taxpayers intend to settle the current income
               tax assets and current income tax liabilities with net amount or to obtain assets and
               discharge liabilities simultaneously.

      3.29 Lease
          Lease refers to a contract in which a lessor assigns the right to use an asset to a lessee within a
          certain period of time in order to obtain consideration. On the contract commencement date, the
          Company evaluates whether the contract is a lease or includes a lease. If a party to a contract
          transfers the right to control the use of one or more identified assets within a certain period in
          exchange for consideration, the contract shall be a lease or include a lease.

          If the contract contains multiple individual leases, the Company will split the contract and make
          accounting treatment over each individual lease. If the contract contains both leased and
          non-leased parts, the lessee and lessor will split the leased and non-leased parts.




136
                                                                                      Annual Report 2024




                                                                      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                               (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.29 Lease (Continued)
        3.29.1 The Company as lessee
            （1） Right-of-use assets
                  At the commencement date, the Company recognize the right-of-use asset for leases
                  other than short-term leases and low-value asset leases. Right-of-use assets are
                  initially measured at cost. This cost includes:

                  •    the initial measurement amount of lease liabilities;

                  •    in case of any lease incentives, relevant amount of the lease incentives enjoyed
                       shall be deducted from the lease payment paid on or before the commencement
                       date of the lease term;

                  •    the initial direct costs incurred of the Company;

                  •    the costs incurred of the Company for demolishing and removing leased assets,
                       restoring the site where the leased assets are located, or restoring the leased
                       assets to the state agreed in the lease terms, but excluding the cost incurred for
                       inventory production.

                  The Company subsequently adopts the straight-line-method to make the provision for
                  the depreciation of the right-of-use assets. If it can be reasonably determined that the
                  ownership of the leased asset will be obtained at the expiration of the lease term, the
                  Company shall accrue depreciation within the remaining useful life of the leased asset;
                  otherwise, the leased assets should be depreciated over the shorter of the lease term
                  or the remaining useful life of the leased assets.

                  The Company determines whether the right-of-use assets have been impaired or not
                  according to the principle described in “3.19 Impairment of long-term assets” in this
                  note, and make the accounting treatment for the identified impairment losses.




                                                                                                     137
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.29 Lease (Continued)
          3.29.1 The Company as lessee (Continued)
              （2） Lease liabilities
                     As at the beginning of the lease period, the Company recognizes the leases other than
                     short-term leases and leases of low-value assets as lease liabilities. Lease liabilities
                     are initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that have not been
                     paid. Lease payments include:

                     •    for fixed payments (including substantial fixed payments), if there is any lease
                          incentive, the relevant amount of the lease incentive shall be deducted;

                     •    variable lease payments depending on the index or ratio;

                     •    the payments expected to be payable based on the residual value of the guarantee
                          provided by the Company;

                     •    exercise price of purchase option, provided that the Company reasonably determines
                          that it will exercise the option;

                     •    the amount to be paid to exercise the lease termination option, provided that it is
                          reflected that the Company will exercise the lease termination option during the
                          lease period.

                     The Company adopts the implicit rate of lease as the discount rate, but if the implicit
                     rate of lease cannot be reasonably determined, the incremental borrowing rate will be
                     adopted as the discount rate.

                     The Company calculates the interest expenses of lease liabilities in each lease term
                     based on a fixed periodic interest rate, and includes such expenses into the current
                     profit or loss or the cost of related assets.

                     The variable lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities shall
                     be included in the current profit or loss or the costs of related assets when they
                     actually occur.




138
                                                                                          Annual Report 2024




                                                                        NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.29 Lease (Continued)
        3.29.1 The Company as lessee (Continued)
            （2） Lease liabilities (Continued)
                  After the commencement date of the lease term, under any of the following
                  circumstances, the Company will re-measure the lease liabilities and adjust the
                  corresponding right-of-use assets; if the book value of the right-of-use assets has been
                  reduced to zero and further reduction of lease liabilities is still required, the difference
                  will be included in the current profit or loss:

                  •    In case of any change in the evaluation results of the purchase option, lease renewal
                       option or termination option, or any inconsistency between the actual exercise of
                       the aforesaid options and the original evaluation results, the Company will
                       re-measure lease liabilities according to the present value calculated by the
                       changed lease payments and the revised discount rate;

                  •    In case of any change in the substantial fixed payments, the estimated payable
                       amount based on the residual value of the guarantee, or in the index or ratio used
                       to determine lease payments, the Company will re-measure lease liabilities
                       according to the present value calculated by the changed lease payments and the
                       original discount rate. However, if the change of lease payment is caused by the
                       change of floating interest rate, the revised discount rate is used to calculate the
                       present value.

            （3） Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
                  The Company chooses not to recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for
                  short-term leases and leases of low-value assets, and the relevant lease payments are
                  included in the current profit or loss or the cost of related assets by straight-line
                  method over each period within the lease term. Short-term leases refer to leases that
                  do not exceed 12 months on the commencement date of the lease period and do not
                  include any purchase option. Low-value asset lease refers to the lease of a single lease
                  asset with lower value when it is brand new. The Company regards the lease of a
                  single leased asset with a value of no more than RMB35,000.00 as a new asset as a
                  low-value asset lease. For the lease asset subleased by the Company subleases or
                  expected to be subleased, the original lease is not a lease of low-value assets.




                                                                                                         139
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.29 Lease (Continued)
          3.29.1 The Company as lessee (Continued)
              （4） Lease changes
                     If the lease changes and the following conditions are met at the same time, the
                     Company will carry out accounting treatment over the lease change as a separate
                     lease:

                     •    where the lease change expands the scope of the lease by adding the right to use
                          one or more leased assets;

                     •    where the increase of the consideration is equivalent to the adjusted individual price
                          of the expanded part of the lease scope according to the contract.

                     Where the lease change is not accounted for as a separate lease, on the effective date
                     of the lease change, the Company will re-distribute the consideration of the contract
                     after the change, re-determine the lease period, and re-measure lease liabilities
                     according to the present value calculated by the changed lease payments and the
                     revised discount rate.

                     If the lease change causes the lease scope to be reduced or the lease term to be
                     shortened, the Company shall correspondingly reduce the book value of the
                     right-to-use assets, and include the related gains or losses of partial or complete
                     termination of the lease in the current profit or loss. Where other lease changes lead
                     to re-measurement of lease liabilities, the Company will adjust the book value of the
                     right-of-use assets accordingly.

          3.29.2 The Company as lessor
               Leases of the Company are classified as finance lease and operating lease on the lease
               commence date. Lease under which almost all the risks and rewards relevant to the
               ownership of leased assets are materially transferred is recognized as finance lease,
               regardless of whether the ownership is ultimately transferred. Operating lease refers to the
               leases other than finance lease. When the Company is a sub-lessor, it classifies the
               sub-leases based on the right-of-use assets generated by the original lease.




140
                                                                                         Annual Report 2024




                                                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.29 Lease (Continued)
        3.29.2 The Company as lessor (Continued)
            （1） Accounting treatment of operating leases
                  Rental from the operating lease in each stage during the rental period should be
                  recognized as the lease income by the straight-line method. Initial direct costs relating
                  to operating lease incurred by the Company are capitalized, and shall be included in the
                  current profit or loss on the same basis as the recognition of lease income during the
                  lease term. The variable lease payable that is not included in the lease receivable shall
                  be included in the current profit or loss at the time of actual occurrence. In case of any
                  change in the operating lease, the Company will make the accounting treatment for it
                  as a new lease from the effective date of the change, and the amount received in
                  advance or lease receivables before the change will be regarded as the receivables
                  from the new lease.

            （2） Accounting treatment of finance lease
                  On the lease commencement date, the Company recognizes finance lease receivables
                  for financing leases and derecognizes finance lease assets. When the Company
                  conducts the initial measurement of finance lease receivables, the net lease investment
                  is adopted as the entry value of the finance lease receivables. The net lease investment
                  is the sum of the unguaranteed residual value and the present value of the lease
                  payments that have not been received at the beginning of the lease term and
                  discounted at the interest rate included in the lease.

                  The Company calculates and recognizes the interest expenses in each lease term based
                  on a fixed periodic interest rate. The derecognition and impairment of finance lease
                  receivables shall be accounted for in accordance with “3.9 Financial
                  instruments”herein.

                  The variable lease payable that is not included in the net lease investment for
                  measurement shall be included in the current profit or loss at the time of actual
                  occurrence.

                  If the finance lease changes and the following conditions are met at the same time, the
                  Company will carry out accounting treatments over the change as a separate lease:

                  •    where the change expands the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one
                       or more leased assets;

                  •    where the increase of the consideration is equivalent to the adjusted individual price
                       of the expanded part of the lease scope according to the contract.




                                                                                                        141
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.29 Lease (Continued)
          3.29.2 The Company as lessor (Continued)
              （2） Accounting treatment of finance lease (Continued)
                     Where the change of finance lease is not accounted for as a separate lease, the
                     Company will treat the changed lease according to the following circumstances:

                     •    If the change comes into effect on the lease commencement date, the lease will
                          be classified as an operating lease. The Company will start making accounting
                          treatment for it as a new lease from the effective date of the lease change, and
                          regard the net lease investment before the effective date of the lease change as
                          the book value of the leased assets;

                     •    If the change comes into effect on the lease commencement date, the lease will
                          be classified as a finance lease, and the Company will conduct accounting
                          treatment according to the policy on modifying or renegotiating the contract in“3.9
                          Financial instruments” of this note.

          3.29.3 Sale-and-leaseback deals
               The Company evaluates and determines whether the transfer of assets in the
               sale-and-leaseback transaction is a sale in accordance with the principles described in “3.25
               Revenue” herein.

               (1)   As the lessee
                     If the asset transfer in the sale-leaseback transaction belongs to sales, the Company
                     as the lessee measures the right-of-use asset formed by the sale-leaseback according
                     to the part related to the use-right obtained from the leaseback in the original book
                     value of assets, and only recognizes the relevant gains and losses only for the rights
                     transferred to the lessor.

                     For details of subsequent measurement of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities and
                     lease modifications after the commencement date of the lease term, see Note “3.29.1
                     The Company as lessee”. In the subsequent measurement of lease liabilities resulting
                     from sale and leasebacks, the Company determines lease payments or changes lease
                     payments in a manner that does not result in the recognition of a gain or loss related
                     to the right of use acquired under the leaseback.

                     If the asset transfer in the sale-and-leaseback transaction does not belong to the sale,
                     the Company, as the lessee, continues to confirm the transferred assets and
                     recognizes a financial liability equivalent to the transfer income. For details of the
                     accounting treatment of financial liabilities, please refer to Note “3.9 Financial
                     instruments”.




142
                                                                                          Annual Report 2024




                                                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.29 Lease (Continued)
        3.29.3 Sale-and-leaseback deals (Continued)
             (2)   As the lessor
                   If the asset transfer in the sale-leaseback transaction belongs to sales, the Company,
                   as the lessor, will make accounting treatment for the purchased assets, and for the
                   asset lease according to the aforesaid policy in “2. The Company as the lessor”; If the
                   asset transfer in the sale-and-leaseback transaction does not belong to the sale, the
                   Company, as the lessor, will not confirm the transferred assets but recognizes a
                   financial asset equivalent to the transfer income. Please refer to “Note 3.9 Financial
                   instruments” for the accounting treatment for financial assets.

    3.30 Debt restructuring
        3.30.1 The company as a creditor
             The Company terminates the recognition of claims when the contractual right to collect cash
             flows from the claims terminates. If debt is restructured by settling debts with assets or
             converting debts into equity instruments, the company will recognize the relevant assets
             when they meet their definition and recognition conditions.

             If debt restructuring is carried out by repaying debts with assets, the transferred
             non-financial assets shall be measured at cost when the company initially recognizes them.
             The cost of inventory includes the fair value of the relinquished claims and other costs
             directly attributable to the asset such as taxes, transportation fees, loading and unloading
             fees, insurance premiums and other costs incurred to bring the asset to its current location
             and condition. The cost of an investment in an associate or joint venture includes the fair
             value of the relinquished claims and other costs such as taxes directly attributable to the
             asset. The cost of investment real estate includes the fair value of the relinquished claims
             and other costs such as taxes that are directly attributable to the asset. The cost of a fixed
             asset includes the fair value of the relinquished claim and other costs directly attributable to
             the asset such as taxes, transportation fees, loading and unloading fees, installation fees,
             professional service fees and other costs incurred before the asset reaches its intended
             usable condition. The cost of biological assets includes the fair value of the relinquished
             claims and other costs such as taxes, transportation fees, and insurance premiums that are
             directly attributable to the assets. The cost of intangible assets includes the fair value of the
             relinquished claims and other costs that are directly attributable to taxes and other costs
             incurred in bringing the asset to its intended use. If the debt restructuring by converting debt
             into equity instruments results in the creditor converting its claim into an equity investment
             in an associate or joint venture, the company shall measure it based on the fair value of the
             relinquished claim and taxes and other costs directly attributable to the asset. its initial
             investment cost. The difference between the fair value and the book value of the relinquished
             claims is included in the current profit and loss.




                                                                                                         143
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.30 Debt restructuring (Continued)
          3.30.1 The company as a creditor (Continued)
               If debt restructuring is carried out by modifying other terms, the company shall confirm and
               measure the restructured claims in accordance with “Note 3.9 Financial Instruments”.

               If multiple assets are used to repay debts or a combination is used to restructure debt, the
               company will first confirm and measure the transferred financial assets and restructured
               claims in accordance with “Note 3.9 Financial Instruments”, and then use The fair value ratio
               of each asset is divided into the net amount after deducting the confirmed amount of
               transferred financial assets and restructured claims from the fair value of the relinquished
               claims, and based on this, the cost of each asset is determined according to the
               aforementioned method. The difference between the fair value of the relinquished claim and
               its book value shall be included in the current profit and loss.

          3.30.2 The company as the debtor
               The Company derecognises a debt when its current obligations are discharged.

               If debt reorganization is carried out by repaying debts with assets, the company will
               terminate the recognition when the relevant assets and the debts paid off meet the
               conditions for derecognition, and the difference between the book value of the debts paid off
               and the book value of the transferred assets shall be included in the current profit and loss.

               If the debt is converted into equity instruments for debt restructuring, the company will
               derecognize the debt when the repaid debt meets the conditions for derecognition. When the
               company initially recognizes an equity instrument, it is measured based on the fair value of
               the equity instrument. If the fair value of the equity instrument cannot be reliably measured,
               it is measured based on the fair value of the debt repaid. The difference between the book
               value of the debt repaid and the recognized amount of the equity instrument shall be
               included in the current profit and loss.

               If debt restructuring is carried out by modifying other terms, the company shall recognize
               and measure the restructured debt in accordance with “Note 3.9 Financial Instruments”.

               If multiple assets are used to repay debts or a combination is used to reorganize debts, the
               company shall confirm and measure equity instruments and restructured debts in
               accordance with the aforementioned methods. The book value of the debts repaid shall be
               the book value of the transferred assets and the confirmed amount of equity instruments and
               restructured debts. The difference between the sum and the profit and loss shall be included
               in the current profit and loss.




144
                                                                                          Annual Report 2024




                                                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.31 Segment reporting
        The Company determines its operating segments based on its internal organizational structure,
        management requirements, and internal reporting system, and determines its reportable
        segments and discloses segment information on the basis of operating segments.

        An operating segment is a component of the Company that simultaneously meets the following
        conditions: (1) the component is capable of generating revenues and incurring expenses in its
        day-to-day activities; (2) the management of the Company is able to evaluate the operating results
        of the component on a regular basis in order to decide on the allocation of resources to the
        component and to evaluate its performance; and (3) the Company is able to obtain the
        component’s accounting information relating to the component’s financial position, results of
        operations and cash flows. Two or more operating segments may be consolidated into one
        operating segment if they have similar economic characteristics and meet certain conditions.

    3.32 Key accounting policies and accounting estimates
        3.32.1 Estimated useful life and residual value of property, plant and equipment
             The Group uses the straight-line method to depreciate property, plant and equipment
             according to their estimated useful life, and adopts a sufficient depreciation rate to offset the
             amount of their cost minus the accumulated impairment loss and the revaluation amount
             after the estimated remaining value. The Group reviews the useful lives of fixed assets on a
             regular basis to ensure that the depreciation method and depreciation rate are in line with
             the economic benefits of the relevant fixed assets.

             The Group’s estimation of the useful life of fixed assets is detailed in the “Note 3.15 Fixed
             Assets”, which is based on the historical experience of the Group in using similar assets and
             takes into account expected technological changes. If there is a significant change in the
             previous estimate, the future depreciation expense will be adjusted.

        3.32.2 Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets
             Determining whether goodwill and intangible assets are impaired requires an estimation of
             the value in use of the cash-generating unit to which goodwill has been allocated. When
             calculating the value in use, management is required to estimate the expected future cash
             flows from the cash-generating unit and an appropriate discount rate to calculate the
             present value.




                                                                                                         145
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.32 Key accounting policies and accounting estimates (Continued)
          3.32.3 Income tax and deferred tax
               The Group pays income tax in Mainland China and other jurisdictions. When determining
               income tax, significant judgments are required. In the ordinary course of business, the final
               tax determination involved in some transactions and calculations is uncertain. The Group
               recognizes liabilities for anticipated tax audit items based on estimates of whether additional
               taxes will be required. The final tax consequences of such events are different from the
               amounts originally recorded, and these differences will affect the income tax and deferred
               tax provisions during the period in which these determinations are made.

      3.33 Changes in significant accounting policies and accounting estimates and
           correction of errors
          3.33.1 Changes in significant accounting policies
               (1)   Implementation of Interpretation of Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises
                     No. 17
                     The Ministry of Finance issued Interpretation of Accounting Standards for Business
                     Enterprises No. 17 (CK (2023) No. 21, hereinafter referred to as “Interpretation No.
                     17”) on October 25, 2023.

                     ①    Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-Current
                          Interpretation No. 17 clarifies:

                          —     If an enterprise does not have the substantive right to defer the settlement
                                of liabilities to more than one year after the balance sheet date, the
                                liabilities shall be classified as current liabilities.

                          —     For liabilities arising from an enterprise’s loan arrangement, the enterprise’s
                                right to defer repayment of the debt until more than one year after the
                                balance sheet date may depend on whether the enterprise has complied with
                                the covenants set forth in the loan arrangement (hereinafter referred to as
                                covenants). In determining whether its substantive right to defer repayment
                                of the debt exists, the enterprise should only consider the covenants to be
                                followed on or before the balance sheet date. The covenants to which the
                                enterprise is subject after the balance sheet date should not be taken into
                                account.




146
                                                                                            Annual Report 2024




                                                                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.33 Changes in significant accounting policies and accounting estimates and
         correction of errors (Continued)
        3.33.1 Changes in significant accounting policies (Continued)
             (1)   Implementation of Interpretation of Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises
                   No. 17 (Continued)
                   ①    Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-Current (Continued)
                        —    The liquidation of liabilities, when the liquidity of liabilities is divided, refers
                             to the discharge of liabilities by the transfer of cash, other economic
                             resources (such as goods or services), or the enterprise’s own equity
                             instruments to the counterparty. If the terms of the liability cause the
                             enterprise to pay off by delivering its own equity instruments at the option of
                             the counterparty, if the enterprise classifies the said option as an equity
                             instrument and recognizes it separately as an equity component of a
                             composite financial instrument in accordance with Accounting Standard for
                             Business Enterprises No. 37 — Presentation of Financial Instruments, This
                             provision does not affect the liquidity division of the liability.

                        This interpretation will take effect from January 1, 2024, and the enterprise shall
                        adjust the comparable period information in accordance with the interpretation
                        when it first implements the interpretation. The implementation of this provision
                        did not have a material impact on the Company’s financial position and results of
                        operations.

                   ②    Disclosure of supplier finance arrangements
                        Interpretation No. 17 requires enterprises to aggregate and disclose information
                        related to supplier finance arrangements when making disclosures to help users
                        of statements assess the impact of these arrangements on the enterprise’s
                        liabilities, cash flows and liquidity exposure. The impact of supplier finance
                        arrangements should also be considered when identifying and disclosing liquidity
                        risk information. This disclosure requirement applies only to supplier finance
                        arrangements. A supplier finance arrangement is a transaction in which one or
                        more finance providers provide funds for the enterprise to pay the amount due to
                        the supplier and agree that the enterprise will repay the finance provider on or
                        after the day the payment is received by its supplier in accordance with the terms
                        and conditions of the arrangement. Supplier finance arrangements extend the
                        payment period of the enterprise or advance the collection period of the
                        enterprise’s suppliers compared to the original payment due date.




                                                                                                            147
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.33 Changes in significant accounting policies and accounting estimates and
           correction of errors (Continued)
          3.33.1 Changes in significant accounting policies (Continued)
               (1)   Implementation of Interpretation of Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises
                     No. 17 (Continued)
                     ②    Disclosure of supplier finance arrangements (Continued)
                          This interpretation will come into effect on January 1, 2024, and enterprises do
                          not need to disclose relevant information and some initial information during the
                          comparable period when they first implement this interpretation. The
                          implementation of this provision has not had a material impact on the Company’s
                          financial position and operating results.

                     ③    Accounting for sales and leaseback transactions
                          Interpretation No. 17 provides that the lessee, in subsequent measurement of the
                          lease liability arising from the sale and leaseback, shall not determine the
                          amount of the lease payment or the amount of the modified lease payment in
                          such a way that it recognises a gain or loss in relation to the use rights acquired
                          by the leaseback. When the first implementation of this provision, the enterprise
                          should retroactively adjust the sale and leaseback transactions carried out after
                          the first implementation of the Accounting Standard for Enterprises No. 21 —
                          Leasing.

                          The interpretation will take effect on January 1, 2024, early implementation is
                          allowed in the year of publication. The Company has implemented this provision
                          since January 1, 2024, and the implementation of this provision has not had a
                          significant impact on the Company’s financial position and results of operations.

               (2)   Implementation of “the Interim Provisions on Accounting Treatment of Enterprise Data
                     Resources”
                     On August 1, 2023, the Ministry of Finance issued the “Interim Provisions on Accounting
                     Treatment Related to Enterprise Data Resources” (CK (2023) No. 11), which applies to
                     data resources recognized as intangible assets or inventories and other assets in
                     accordance with relevant provisions of accounting standards for enterprises. And the
                     relevant accounting treatment of data resources that are legally owned or controlled by
                     the enterprise and expected to bring economic benefits to the enterprise, but do not
                     meet the criteria for asset recognition and have not been recognized, and put forward
                     specific requirements for the disclosure of data resources.




148
                                                                                        Annual Report 2024




                                                                        NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.33 Changes in significant accounting policies and accounting estimates and
         correction of errors (Continued)
        3.33.1 Changes in significant accounting policies (Continued)
             (2)   Implementation of “the Interim Provisions on Accounting Treatment of Enterprise Data
                   Resources” (Continued)
                   This regulation will come into effect on January 1, 2024, and enterprises should adopt
                   the prospective application method, and data resource-related expenditures that have
                   been expensed in profit or loss before the implementation of this regulation will no
                   longer be adjusted. The implementation of this provision has not had a material impact
                   on the Company’s financial position and operating results.

             (3)   Implement the provisions of Interpretation of Accounting Standards for Business
                   Enterprises No. 18 on the “Accounting treatment of quality assurance that is not a
                   single performance obligation”
                   On December 6, 2024, the Ministry of Finance issued Interpretation of Accounting
                   Standards for Business Enterprises No. 18 (CK [2024] 24, hereinafter referred to as
                   “Interpretation No. 18”), which takes effect from the date of issuance and early
                   implementation is allowed in the year of issuance.

                   Interpretation No.18 stipulates that when accounting for the provisions arising from the
                   quality assurance that is not a single performance obligation, it shall, in accordance
                   with “Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 13 — Contingencies”, debit the
                   “main operating costs”, “other operating costs” and credit the “provisions” subject
                   according to the determined estimated liability amount, and presented as “operating
                   costs” in the income statement and “other current liabilities”, “non-current liabilities
                   due within one year”, “provisions” and other items in the balance sheet.

                   When the enterprise implements the interpretation for the first time, if the provision of
                   quality assurance was originally charged to “sales expenses”, it shall be retroactively
                   adjusted in accordance with the change of accounting policies. The Company has
                   implemented this provision since fiscal year 2024, and the implementation of this
                   provision did not have a material impact on the Company’s financial position and
                   results of operations.




                                                                                                       149
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.33 Changes in significant accounting policies and accounting estimates and
           correction of errors (Continued)
          3.33.2 Changes in significant accounting estimates
               None.


4     TAXATION
      4.1 Major tax types and tax rates

           Tax type                   Basis of tax assessment                          Tax rate %
           Value added tax (“VAT”)    Tax payable is calculated by VAT output, which   See Table 1 as
                                        is based on the taxable sales amount             below
                                        generated from sales of goods or rendering
                                        of service according to tax laws, less
                                        deductible VAT input of the current period
           Urban maintenance and      Levied based on the actual VAT                   5.00, 7.00
             construction tax
           Corporate income tax       Levied based on taxable income                   See Table 2 as
                                                                                         below




150
                                                                                  Annual Report 2024




                                                                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                               For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                             (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


4   TAXATION (CONTINUED)
    4.1 Major tax types and tax rates (Continued)
        1   During the reporting period, VAT rates adopted by the Company and its subsidiaries are


             Company                                                                    Tax rate %
             TravelSky Technology Limited                                          13.00, 9.00, 6.00
             Chongqing Civil Aviation Cares Information Technology Co., Ltd.             13.00, 6.00
             Hunan TravelSky Technology Limited                                          13.00, 6.00
             Xi’an Civil Aviation Cares Technology Co., Ltd.                       13.00, 6.00, 3.00
             Hubei Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.                                        13.00, 6.00
             Civil Aviation Cares Technology of Xinjiang Co., Ltd.                 13.00, 6.00, 3.00
             Shenzhen Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.                                     13.00, 6.00
             Shanghai TravelSky Technology Limited                                              6.00
             Xiamen Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.                                       13.00, 6.00
             Qingdao Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.                                13.00, 9.00, 6.00
             Hainan Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.                                       13.00, 6.00
             Guangzhou TravelSky Technology Ltd.                                   13.00, 6.00, 5.00
             Accounting Centre of China Aviation Company Limited                         13.00, 6.00
             Beijing Yake Payment Technology Development Co., Ltd.                              6.00
             Infosky Information Technology Co., Ltd.                                    13.00, 6.00
             TravelSky Cares (Beijing) Real Estate Co., Ltd.                             13.00, 6.00
             Beijing TravelSky Travel Agency Co., Ltd.                                   13.00, 6.00
             TravelSky Southeast Data Center Co., Ltd.                                   13.00, 6.00
             Inner Mongolia TravelSky Technology Limited                                 13.00, 6.00
             Zhejiang TravelSky Technology Limited                                       13.00, 6.00
             Henan TravelSky Technology Limited                                          13.00, 6.00
             Beijing TravelSky Technology Limited                                        13.00, 6.00
             Guangzhou Skyecho Information Technology Co., Ltd.                          13.00, 6.00
             TravelSky Digital Intelligence Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.                      6.00
             TravelSky Technology International Limited                             Not Applicable
             TravelSky Technology Singapore Pte. Ltd.                               Not Applicable
             OpenJaw Technologies Limited                                                      23.00




                                                                                                 151
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


4     TAXATION (CONTINUED)
      4.1 Major tax types and tax rates (Continued)
          2    During the reporting period, enterprise income tax rates adopted by the Company and its
               subsidiaries are


                                                                                            Income tax rate
                 Taxpayer                                                                                %
                 TravelSky Technology Limited (Remark 1)                                              15.00
                 Chongqing Civil Aviation Cares Information Technology Co., Ltd.
                    (Remark 2)                                                                        15.00
                 Xi’an Civil Aviation Cares Technology Co., Ltd. (Remark 2)                           15.00
                 Hubei Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd. (Remark 1)                                      15.00
                 Civil Aviation Cares Technology of Xinjiang Co., Ltd.                                25.00
                 Shenzhen Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd. (Remark 1)                                   15.00
                 Shanghai TravelSky Technology Limited (Remark 3)                                     20.00
                 Xiamen Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd. (Remark 1)                                     15.00
                 Qingdao Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd. (Remark 1)                                    15.00
                 Hainan Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd. (Remark 1)                                     15.00
                 Guangzhou TravelSky Technology Limited (Remark 1)                                    15.00
                 Accounting Centre of China Aviation Company Limited (Remark 1)                       15.00
                 Beijing Yake Payment Technology Development Co., Ltd. (Remark 1)                     15.00
                 Infosky Information Technology Co., Ltd. (Remark 1)                                  15.00
                 TravelSky Cares (Beijing) Real Estate Co., Ltd. (Remark 3)                           20.00
                 Henan TravelSky Technology Limited                                                   25.00
                 Hunan TravelSky Technology Limited                                                   25.00
                 Beijing TravelSky Technology Limited                                                 25.00
                 Guangzhou Skyecho Information Technology Co., Ltd. (Remark 3)                        20.00
                 TravelSky Digital Intelligence Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (Remark 1)             15.00
                 Inner Mongolia TravelSky Technology Limited                                          25.00
                 TravelSky Technology International Limited                                     8.25, 16.50
                 TravelSky Technology Singapore Pte. Ltd.                                             17.00
                 OpenJaw Technologies Limited                                                         12.50




152
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024




                                                                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                      (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


4   TAXATION (CONTINUED)
    4.1 Major tax types and tax rates (Continued)
        4.1.2 During the reporting period, enterprise income tax rates adopted by the Company and its
              subsidiaries are (Continued)
             Remark 1:   TravelSky Technology Limited, Hubei Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd., Shenzhen Civil Aviation Cares
                         Co., Ltd., Xiamen Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd., Qingdao Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd., Hainan Civil
                         Aviation Cares Co., Ltd., Guangzhou TravelSky Technology Limited, Accounting Centre of China
                         Aviation Company Limited, Beijing Yake Payment Technology Development Co., Ltd., Infosky
                         Information Technology Co., Ltd., and TravelSky Digital Intelligence Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.
                         have been assessed as high-tech enterprises, enjoying the preferential income tax rate of 15%.


             Remark 2:   The main business of Chongqing Civil Aviation Cares Information Technology Co., Ltd. and Xi’an
                         Civil Aviation Cares Technology Co., Ltd. conforms to Paragraph 5, Article 26 of the Encouraged
                         Section in the Guiding Catalog for Industrial Restructuring (2011 Edition), stating that “aviation
                         computer management and its network system development and construction”; thus, such
                         company enjoys the preferential policy for income tax under the Great Western Development
                         Strategy, paying tax at 15%.


             Remark 3:   According to the “Announcement of the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation
                         on Further Implementing Preferential Income Tax Policies for Small and Micro Enterprises”
                         (Announcement No. 13 of 2022) and the “Announcement of the Ministry of Finance and the State
                         Administration of Taxation on Preferential Income Tax Policies for Small and Micro Enterprises
                         and Individual Industrial and Commercial Households” (Announcement No. 6 of 2023) stipulates
                         that from January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2024, for the annual taxable income of small and
                         low-profit enterprises not exceeding RMB3 million, a reduced rate of 25% will be included in the
                         taxable income. Corporate income tax is paid at a rate of 20%. In this issue, since the taxable
                         income of Shanghai TravelSky Technology Limited, TravelSky Cares (Beijing) Real Estate Co., Ltd.,
                         Guangzhou Skyecho Information Technology Co., Ltd. and does not exceed RMB3 million, a 25%
                         reduction is applicable and is included in the taxable income, and the corporate income tax is
                         paid at a tax rate of 20%, with an actual tax burden of 5%.


    4.2 Tax incentives
        4.2.1 High and New Technology Enterprise
             According to the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the People’s Republic of China (the “CIT
             Law”), the statutory income tax rate for Chinese companies is normally 25%. Pursuant to the
             relevant regulations, enterprises recognized as “High and New Technology Enterprises” are
             entitled to a preferential enterprise income tax rate of 15% under the CIT Law. The Company
             has been recognized as a “high-tech enterprise” since its inception, and has subsequently
             been reexamined for renewal of its “high-tech enterprise” status in accordance with the
             relevant regulatory requirements. The latest application for re-designation was completed in
             fiscal year 2023, and in accordance with the relevant regulatory requirements, the Company
             has accrued for corporate income tax expense for fiscal year 2024 at a preferential tax rate
             of 15%.




                                                                                                                         153
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


4     TAXATION (CONTINUED)
      4.2 Tax incentives (Continued)
          4.2.2 Key software enterprises
                Except that enterprises that have been assessed as high and new technology enterprises
                may enjoy the preferential income tax rate of 15%, enterprises assessed as key software
                enterprises within the national planning layout by relevant authorities may further enjoy the
                preferential tax rate of 10%. According to the relevant provisions, the difference between the
                tax paid at the tax rate of 15% and that paid at tax rate of 10% will be refunded to relevant
                enterprises subsequently, and such tax refund will be reflected in the income statement for
                the current period when it occurs.

                In the year of 2023, the Company has submitted an application for a 10% preferential tax
                rate for key software enterprises to relevant authorities and obtained approval.


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      5.1 Cash and cash equivalents

                                                                                        As at                   As at
                                                                                 December 31,            December 31,
           Item                                                                         2024                    2023
           Cash on hand                                                              10,958.18                16,950.85
           Digital currency                                                       2,931,986.43             1,321,820.12
           Cash at bank                                                      10,526,620,052.36         7,304,225,950.72
           Other cash and cash equivalents                                       19,423,499.70            61,989,731.68


           Total                                                             10,548,986,496.67         7,367,554,453.37


           Including: The total amount deposited abroad                         242,971,928.71           224,732,324.73
                      Money deposited abroad and with
                        restrictions on fund repatriation

          Note: The ending balance of the centralised depository account for customer provisions deposited with the People’s
                Bank of China was RMB1,449,123,533.46, and the ending balance of the prior year was RMB1,189,599,430.29.




154
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024




                                                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                      (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.2 Financial assets held for trading

                                                                                      As at                   As at
                                                                               December 31,            December 31,
         Item                                                                         2024                    2023
         Financial assets measured at fair value through the
           current profit or loss                                           2,218,192,945.21         3,504,856,849.32
         Including: Debt instrument investments                             2,218,192,945.21         3,504,856,849.32


         Total                                                              2,218,192,945.21         3,504,856,849.32

        Note: Investments in debt instruments represent structured bank deposits (with floating returns) held by the Group
              and issued by Industrial Bank Corporation Beijing Shunyi Sub-branch, Bank of Communications Corporation
              Beijing Shunyi Sub-branch, and CITIC Bank Beijing COFCO Plaza Sub-branch. Such structured deposits carry
              interest rates ranging from 1.50% to 3.00% per annum, with maturity periods ranging from 179 to 186 days,
              and are irrevocable prior to maturity.


    5.3 Notes receivable
        5.3.1 Breakdown of the notes receivable


                                                                                      As at                   As at
                                                                               December 31,            December 31,
                 Item                                                                 2024                    2023
                 Bank acceptance bills                                        176,809,848.52           120,521,325.41
                 Commercial acceptance bills                                  100,575,175.27           108,643,612.44
                 Less: Provision for bad debts                                  8,266,130.25             9,386,642.56


                 Total                                                        269,118,893.54           219,778,295.29




                                                                                                                    155
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.3 Notes receivable (Continued)
          5.3.2 Disclosure of notes receivable under the methods of provision for bad debts by category

                                                                  As at December 31, 2024                                                   As at December 31, 2023
                                                 Book balance            Provision for bad debts                          Book balance             Provision for bad debts
                                                                                      Proportion                                                                 Proportion
                                                                                              of                                                                         of
                                                           Proportion                  provision                                     Proportion                   provision
                 Category                       Amount            (%)       Amount           (%)      Book value          Amount            (%)       Amount            (%)      Book value

                 Provision for bad
                     debts accrued
                     on an individual
                     basis
                 Provision for bad
                     debts on
                     portfolio basis of
                     credit risk
                     characteristics      277,385,023.79        100.00 8,266,130.25         2.98 269,118,893.54     229,164,937.85       100.00   9,386,642.56         4.10   219,778,295.29


                 Total                    277,385,023.79        100.00 8,266,130.25                269,118,893.54   229,164,937.85       100.00   9,386,642.56                219,778,295.29



               Provision for bad debts on portfolio basis of credit risk characteristics：

               Provision for bad debts accrued on a portfolio basis:

                                                                                            As at December 31, 2024
                                                                                                       Provision                                                 Proportion of
                 Name                                                        Notes receivable      for bad debts                                                 provision (%)
                 Commercial acceptance bills                                     100,575,175.27                            8,266,130.25                                           8.22
                 Bank acceptance bills                                           176,809,848.52


                 Total                                                           277,385,023.79                            8,266,130.25

               Note: Commercial promissory notes are bad debts based on the unrelated party portfolio of accounts receivable.




156
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024




                                                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                    (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.3 Notes receivable (Continued)
        5.3.3 Provision, reversal or recovery of provision for bad debts in 2023


                                      As at                    Changes in the current period                        As at
                               December 31,                      Reversal or    Write-off or                December 31,
              Category                 2023        Provision        recovery     charge-off Other changes           2024

              Commercial
                  acceptance
                  bills         9,386,642.56   –1,120,512.31                                                 8,266,130.25


              Total             9,386,642.56   –1,120,512.31                                                 8,266,130.25


        5.3.4 Notes receivable pledged as at December 31, 2024
             None.

        5.3.5 Notes receivable endorsed or discounted but undue as at December 31, 2024
             None.

        5.3.6 Notes receivable actually written off in the current period
             None.




                                                                                                                    157
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.4 Accounts receivable
          5.4.1 Disclosure of accounts receivable (based on invoice date)


                                                                                                                                                As at                                        As at
                                                                                                                                         December 31,                                 December 31,
                 Aging                                                                                                                          2024                                         2023
                 Within 1 year                                                                                                      4,364,620,502.58                            3,758,113,464.24
                 Including: Subitem within 1 year
                 Within 6 months                                                                                                    3,226,636,111.47                            2,650,364,807.68
                 7–12 months                                                                                                        1,137,984,391.11                            1,107,748,656.56
                 1–2 years                                                                                                            886,220,736.59                              976,939,270.45
                 2–3 years                                                                                                            402,295,600.60                              330,305,514.11
                 3–4 years                                                                                                             73,320,330.14                              147,989,677.69
                 4–5 years                                                                                                            118,265,867.07                              126,510,793.40
                 Over 5 years                                                                                                         216,073,340.60                              170,485,619.48
                 Sub-total                                                                                                          6,060,796,377.58                            5,510,344,339.37
                 Less: Provision for bad debts                                                                                      1,101,521,334.95                              990,832,363.26


                 Total                                                                                                              4,959,275,042.63                            4,519,511,976.11


          5.4.2 Disclosure of accounts receivable under the methods of provision for bad debts by category

                                                                          As at December 31, 2024                                                               As at December 31, 2023
                                                      Book balance               Provision for bad debts                                    Book balance               Provision for bad debts
                                                                                                  Proportion                                                                           Proportion
                                                                 Proportion                      of provision                                          Proportion                     of provision
                 Category                             Amount           (%)            Amount               (%)        Book value            Amount            (%)           Amount               (%)        Book value

                 Provision for bad debts
                         accrued on an
                         individual basis      991,090,927.04         16.35    678,930,799.02          68.50      312,160,128.02     811,722,325.66         14.73    558,364,846.35         68.79       253,357,479.31
                 Provision for bad debts
                         on portfolio basis
                         of credit risk
                         characteristics      5,069,705,450.54        83.65    422,590,535.93           8.34     4,647,114,914.61   4,698,622,013.71        85.27    432,467,516.91          9.20      4,266,154,496.80


                 Total                        6,060,796,377.58       100.00   1,101,521,334.95                   4,959,275,042.63   5,510,344,339.37       100.00    990,832,363.26                    4,519,511,976.11




158
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2024




                                                                                        NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                       (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.4 Accounts receivable (Continued)
        5.4.2 Disclosure of accounts receivable under the methods of provision for bad debts by category
              (Continued)
             Provision for bad debts accrued on an individual basis:

                                                    As at December 31, 2024                              As at December 31, 2023
                                                  Provision for Proportion of   Reason for                               Provision for
              Name               Book balance        bad debts provision (%)    provision              Book balance         bad debts
              Customer 1        420,074,478.24   194,901,452.63        46.40    Poor financial         303,767,389.58    93,033,521.00
                                                                                  position
              Customer 2        183,048,986.24   183,048,986.24       100.00    Significant            183,048,986.24   183,048,986.24
                                                                                  uncertainty as to
                                                                                  recoverability
              Customer 3        152,324,888.49   136,008,394.28        89.29    Operation difficulty   147,687,647.49   142,872,847.14
              Customer 4         58,067,768.15    46,120,987.18        79.43    Operation difficulty    21,321,355.08     4,968,989.70
              Customer 5         62,246,713.30    34,005,774.28        54.63    Significant
                                                                                  uncertainty as to
                                                                                  recoverability
              Customer 6         20,485,816.45    20,485,816.45       100.00    Operation difficulty    20,047,782.79    20,047,782.79
              Customer 7         11,875,133.88    11,875,133.87       100.00    Operation difficulty    11,621,216.32    11,621,216.32
              Customer 8          9,868,740.00     9,868,740.00       100.00    Operation difficulty     9,868,740.00     9,868,740.00
              Customer 9         14,322,529.89     9,668,871.67        67.51    Operation difficulty    71,400,071.04    65,788,881.34
              Customer 10         5,192,773.45     5,192,773.45       100.00    Operation difficulty     5,081,740.07     5,081,740.07
              Other customers    53,583,098.95    27,753,868.97        51.80                            37,877,397.05    22,032,141.75


              Total             991,090,927.04   678,930,799.02                                        811,722,325.66   558,364,846.35


             Provision for bad debts on portfolio basis of credit risk characteristics:

             Item accrued on a portfolio basis:

                                                                       As at December 31, 2024
                                                               Accounts       Provision for                        Proportion of
              Name                                            receivable         bad debts                         provision (%)
              Accounts receivable from
                related parties                       2,706,036,465.88
              Accounts receivable from
                third-parties                         2,363,668,984.66               422,590,535.93                         17.88


              Total                                   5,069,705,450.54               422,590,535.93




                                                                                                                                   159
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.4 Accounts receivable (Continued)
          5.4.3 Provision, reversal or recovery of provision for bad debts in 2024


                                                  As at                    Changes in the current period                            As at
                                          December 31,                       Reversal or     Write-off or                   December 31,
                 Category                          2023        Provision        recovery      charge off    Other changes           2024
                 Provision for bad
                    debts accrued on
                    an individual basis   558,364,846.35 120,049,054.75       317,338.78                       834,236.70 678,930,799.02
                 Provision for bad
                    debts accrued on
                    a portfolio basis     432,467,516.91   –4,647,803.05                       47,820.00    –5,181,357.93 422,590,535.93


                 Total                    990,832,363.26 115,401,251.70       317,338.78       47,820.00    –4,347,121.23 1,101,521,334.95


          5.4.4 Accounts receivable actually charged off in 2024


                 Item                                                                                             Amount write off
                 Accounts receivable actually write off                                                                     47,820.00


          5.4.5 Top five of accounts receivable as at December 31, 2024, presented by debtors
               The sum amount of top five of accounts receivable and contract assets presented by debtors
               is RMB2,614,580,298.82, accounting for 42.62% of the ending balance of accounts receivable
               and contract assets, and the corresponding ending balance of provision for bad debts is
               RMB259,443,190.46.




160
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024




                                                                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.5 Advances to suppliers
        5.5.1 Presentation of advances to suppliers by aging


                                        As at December 31, 2024                      As at December 31, 2023
              Aging                        Amount Proportion (%)                        Amount    Proportion (%)
              Within 1 year         44,962,624.09                  58.73        105,870,577.30                      78.26
              1 to 2 years          21,064,290.23                  27.51         11,867,250.02                       8.77
              2 to 3 years           1,996,868.86                   2.61          4,681,454.56                       3.46
              Over 3 years           8,538,165.42                  11.15         12,868,218.79                       9.51
              Sub-total             76,561,948.60                 100.00        135,287,500.67                     100.00
              Less: Provision
                for bad debts         3,562,755.57                                 3,562,755.57


              Total                 72,999,193.03                 100.00        131,724,745.10                     100.00


        5.5.2 Provision, reversal or recovery of provision for bad debts in 2024


                                        As at                 Changes in the current period                             As at
                                December 31,                    Reversal or     Write-off or                    December 31,
              Category                   2023     Provision        recovery      charge off    Other changes            2024
              Advances to
                  suppliers       3,562,755.57   181,035.00                      181,035.00                      3,562,755.57


              Total               3,562,755.57   181,035.00                      181,035.00                      3,562,755.57


        5.5.3 Advances to suppliers actually charged off in 2024


              Item                                                                                   Amount write off
              Advances to suppliers actually write off                                                         181,035.00


        5.5.4 Top five of advances to suppliers as at December 31, 2024, presented by prepaid objects
             The sum amount of top five advances to suppliers presented based on the concentration
             ratio of prepaid objects amounted to RMB22,673,894.78, accounting for 31.06% of total
             ending balance of advances to suppliers.




                                                                                                                        161
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.6 Other receivables

                                                                              As at              As at
                                                                       December 31,       December 31,
           Item                                                               2024               2023
           Interest receivable
           Dividends receivable                                          5,110,000.00          56,000.00
           Other receivables                                         2,095,113,581.75   1,967,278,228.40


           Total                                                     2,100,223,581.75   1,967,334,228.40


          5.6.1 Dividends receivable
               Details of dividends receivable

                                                                              As at              As at
                                                                       December 31,       December 31,
                   Item (or investee)                                         2024               2023
                   Yantai TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd                                  56,000.00
                   Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.           2,560,000.00
                   Shanghai Civil Aviation East China Cares System
                     Integration Co., Ltd                               2,050,000.00
                   Xinjiang TravelSky Tianyi Technology Innovation
                     Co., Ltd.                                            500,000.00
                   Sub-total                                            5,110,000.00          56,000.00
                   Less: Provision for bad debts


                   Total                                                5,110,000.00          56,000.00




162
                                                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024




                                                                                                                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                                               (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.6 Other receivables (Continued)
        5.6.2 Other receivables
             (1)   Disclosure by aging

                                                                                                                                    As at                                      As at
                                                                                                                             December 31,                               December 31,
                    Aging                                                                                                           2024                                       2023
                    Within 1 year                                                                                      1,965,319,760.16                            1,896,783,993.08
                    Including: Subitem within 1 year
                    Within 6 months                                                                                    1,959,444,577.02                            1,888,894,891.87
                    7–12 months                                                                                            5,875,183.14                                7,889,101.21
                    1–2 years                                                                                             76,558,080.75                               18,305,772.32
                    2–3 years                                                                                             11,133,258.21                               27,004,333.35
                    3–4 years                                                                                             24,067,059.13                                9,657,274.97
                    4–5 years                                                                                              8,445,938.04                                8,334,155.88
                    Over 5 years                                                                                           9,696,872.73                                7,849,060.46
                    Sub-total                                                                                          2,095,220,969.02                            1,967,934,590.06
                    Less: Provision for bad debts                                                                            107,387.27                                  656,361.66


                    Total                                                                                              2,095,113,581.75                            1,967,278,228.40


             (2)   Disclosure of other receivables under the methods of provision for bad debts by
                   category

                                                                         As at December 31, 2024                                                       As at December 31, 2023
                                                      Book balance             Provision for bad debts                              Book balance             Provision for bad debts
                                                                                              Proportion                                                                    Proportion
                                                                                                      of                                                                               of
                                                                 Proportion                    provision                                       Proportion                    provision
                    Category                          Amount           (%)         Amount           (%)         Book value           Amount           (%)        Amount            (%)           Book value

                    Provision for bad debts
                        accrued on an
                        individual basis                                                                                          731,965.85         0.04      548,974.39        75.00           182,991.46
                    Provision for bad debts
                        on portfolio basis
                        of credit risk
                        characteristics       2,095,220,969.02       100.00      107,387.27         0.01 2,095,113,581.75 1,967,202,624.21          99.96      107,387.27         0.01 1,967,095,236.94


                    Total                     2,095,220,969.02       100.00      107,387.27                2,095,113,581.75 1,967,934,590.06       100.00      656,361.66                   1,967,278,228.40




                                                                                                                                                                                                    163
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.6 Other receivables (Continued)
          5.6.2 Other receivables (Continued)
               (2)   Disclosure of other receivables under the methods of provision for bad debts by
                     category (Continued)
                     Provision for bad debts on portfolio basis of credit risk characteristics:

                     Item accrued on a portfolio basis:

                                                                               As at December 31, 2024
                                                                                   Provision for bad      Proportion of
                      Name                                  Other receivables                 debts       provision (%)
                      Third-parties                          1,328,636,001.66            107,387.27               0.01
                      Related-parties                             766,584,967.36


                      Total                                  2,095,220,969.02            107,387.27


               (3)   Provision for bad debts

                                                       Phase 1              Phase 2           Phase 3
                                                                    Expected credit    Expected credit
                                                                     losses for the     losses for the
                                                Expected credit     entire duration    entire duration
                                                  losses in the           (no credit            (credit
                      Provision for bad debts   next 12 months         impairment)        impairment)            Total
                      Balance as at December
                         31, 2023                                        107,387.27         548,974.39      656,361.66
                      In 2024, balance as at
                         December 31, 2023
                      — Transfer to Phase 2
                      — Transfer to Phase 3
                      — Reversal from Phase 2
                      — Reversal from Phase 1
                      Provision in 2024
                      Reversal in 2024
                      Write-off in 2024
                      Charge-off in 2024
                      Other changes                                                        –548,974.39     –548,974.39
                      Balance as at
                         December 31, 2024                               107,387.27                         107,387.27




164
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2024




                                                                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                          (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.6 Other receivables (Continued)
        5.6.2 Other receivables (Continued)
             (3)   Provision for bad debts (Continued)
                   Changes in the book balance of other receivables are as follows:

                                                             Phase 1               Phase 2           Phase 3
                                                                           Expected credit    Expected credit
                                                                            losses for the     losses for the
                                                      Expected credit      entire duration    entire duration
                                                        losses in the            (no credit            (credit
                    Provision for bad debts           next 12 months          impairment)        impairment)               Total
                    Balance as at December
                       31, 2023                       1,967,095,236.94          107,387.27            731,965.85 1,967,934,590.06
                    In 2024, balance as at
                       December 31, 2023
                    — Transfer to Phase 2
                    — Transfer to Phase 3
                    — Reversal from Phase 2
                    — Reversal from Phase 1
                    Increase in 2024                   151,769,106.82                                             151,769,106.82
                    Derecognition in 2024
                    Other changes                      –23,750,762.01                             –731,965.85     –24,482,727.86
                    Balance as at December
                       31, 2024                       2,095,113,581.75          107,387.27                       2,095,220,969.02


             (4)   Provision, reversal or recovery of provision for bad debts in 2024


                                                                       Changes in the current period
                                              As at                                                                         As at
                                      December 31,                       Reversal or   Write off or           Other December 31,
                    Category                  2023         Provision        recovery     charge off         changes         2024
                    Accrued on
                      an individual
                      basis              548,974.39                                                     –548,974.39
                    Accrued on
                      a portfolio
                      basis              107,387.27                                                                    107,387.27


                    Total                656,361.66                                                     –548,974.39    107,387.27




                                                                                                                             165
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.6 Other receivables (Continued)
          5.6.2 Other receivables (Continued)
                   (5)   Classification of other receivables by the nature of payment

                                                                                               As at                     As at
                                                                                        December 31,              December 31,
                          Nature                                                               2024                      2023
                          Various margin, deposit and loan of reserve
                            fund                                                       26,484,314.30               25,326,971.44
                          Current loan                                                110,205,380.07              131,981,901.88
                          Settlement and clearing payments                          1,118,645,018.23              962,165,267.29
                          Factoring receivables                                       839,886,256.42              848,460,449.45


                          Total                                                     2,095,220,969.02           1,967,934,590.06


                   (6)   Top five of other receivable as at December 31, 2024, presented by debtors
                         The summary amount of top five of other receivables presented by debtors is
                         RMB862,958,497.63, accounting for 41.18% of the total ending balances of other
                         receivables, and the corresponding provision for bad debts has a summary amount of
                         RMB0.00 at the end of the period.

      5.7 Inventories

                                                 As at December 31, 2024                          As at December 31, 2023
                                                        Provision for                                    Provision for
                                                       depreciation/                                     depreciation/
                                                       Impairment of                                    Impairment of
                                                         contractual                                      contractual
                                                        performance                                      performance
           Item                        Book balance            costs       Book value   Book balance            costs        Book value

           Merchandise inventories     44,299,211.12                    44,299,211.12   78,812,378.20                    78,812,378.20
           Contract performance cost   37,387,581.50                    37,387,581.50    7,128,900.45                       7,128,900.45


           Total                       81,686,792.62                    81,686,792.62   85,941,278.65                    85,941,278.65




166
                                                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024




                                                                                                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                               For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                                             (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.8 Contract assets
        5.8.1 Contract assets


                                                                       As at December 31, 2024                                              As at December 31, 2023
                                                                                Provision for                                                       Provision for
              Item                                         Book balance              impairment            Book value        Book balance             impairment                 Book value

              System integration service
                  contracts                               73,812,464.11 29,811,611.84 44,000,852.27                          37,512,917.95           4,643,369.87            32,869,548.08


              Total                                       73,812,464.11 29,811,611.84 44,000,852.27                          37,512,917.95           4,643,369.87            32,869,548.08


        5.8.2 Amount from significant change in book value and reason therefor during the reporting
              period


              Item                                                   Changed amount                          Reason for change
              System integration service                                    11,131,304.19                    Increase due to change in measurement
                contracts                                                                                      of progress in compliance


              Total                                                         11,131,304.19


        5.8.3 Classification disclosure of contract assets under method of provision for impairment


                                                               As at December 31, 2024                                                      As at December 31, 2023
                                            Book balance             Provision for bad debts                             Book balance             Provision for bad debts
                                                                                     Proportion                                                                   Proportion
                                                                                               of                                                                           of
                                                       Proportion                     provision                                     Proportion                     provision
              Category                      Amount           (%)          Amount           (%)        Book value         Amount            (%)         Amount            (%)         Book value

              Provision for
                  impairment
                  accrued on an
                  individual basis     20,700,014.89        28.04    20,700,014.89       100.00                       700,045.00          1.87       113,376.00        16.20         586,669.00
              Provision for
                  impairment loss
                  on portfolio basis
                  of credit risk
                  characteristics      53,112,449.22        71.96     9,111,596.95        17.16     44,000,852.27   36,812,872.95        98.13     4,529,993.87        12.31       32,282,879.08


              Total                    73,812,464.11       100.00    29,811,611.84                  44,000,852.27   37,512,917.95       100.00     4,643,369.87                    32,869,548.08




                                                                                                                                                                                        167
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.8 Contract assets (Continued)
          5.8.3 Classification disclosure of contract assets under method of provision for impairment
                (Continued)
               Provision for impairment accrued on an individual basis:

                                                   Balance as at December 31, 2024                      Balance as at December 31, 2023
                                                                     Proportion
                                                     Provision for of provision   Reasons                                  Provision for
                 Name              Book balance        impairment          (%)    for accrual             Book balance      impairment
                 Customer A        20,700,014.89     20,700,014.89      100.00    Poor financial            378,000.00       106,437.45
                                                                                     position
                 Other customers                                                                            322,045.00         6,938.55


                 Total             20,700,014.89     20,700,014.89                                          700,045.00       113,376.00


               Provision for impairment loss on portfolio basis of credit risk characteristics:

               Item accrued on a portfolio basis:

                                                                               Balance as at December 31, 2024
                                                                                         Provision for    Proportion of
                 Name                                                Contract assets       impairment     provision (%)
                 Third-parties                                          52,990,785.82              9,111,596.95                17.19
                 Related-parties                                           121,663.40


                 Total                                                  53,112,449.22              9,111,596.95




168
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024




                                                                                     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                          (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.8 Contract assets (Continued)
        5.8.4 Provision for impairment of contract assets in 2024


                                                                           Changes in the current period
                                        Balance as at                                    Write-off/                    Balance as at
                                        December 31,     Provision in   Reversal      charge-off in                    December 31,
                 Item                           2023            2024      in 2024             2024    Other changes            2024

                 System integration
                    service contracts    4,643,369.87   25,177,136.94    6,077.80                          –2,817.17   29,811,611.84


                 Total                   4,643,369.87   25,177,136.94    6,077.80                          –2,817.17   29,811,611.84


    5.9 Non-current assets maturing within one year

                                                                                           As at                        As at
                                                                                    December 31,                 December 31,
         Item                                                                              2024                         2023
         Time deposits and interest maturing within one year                                                    107,231,444.45


         Total                                                                                                  107,231,444.45


    5.10 Other current assets

                                                                                           As at                        As at
                                                                                    December 31,                 December 31,
         Item                                                                              2024                         2023
         Time deposits and interests                                                 50,357,638.88               50,392,277.77
         Input tax to be offset                                                     141,482,016.86              130,778,954.49
         Prepaid taxes                                                               11,887,728.24                8,230,990.12


         Total                                                                      203,727,383.98              189,402,222.38

        Note: Time deposits represent one-year time certificates of deposit held with Bank of Communications Co.,Ltd.,and
              China Minsheng Bank Co.,Ltd., of which: the principal of Bank of Communications Co., Ltd. is
              RMB20,000,000.00, the annual interest rate of the certificate of deposit is 2.00%, and the term is 365 days; the
              principal of China Minsheng Banking Co., Ltd. is RMB30,000,000.00, the annual interest rate of the certificate
              of deposit is 1.90%, and the term is 365 days.




                                                                                                                               169
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.11 Long-term equity investments
          5.11.1 Long-term equity investments

                                                                                                                                                     Increase/decrease in 2024
                                                                                     Balance of                                      Gain/loss on                                                                                                Balance of
                                                                                    provision for                                    investments Adjustment to                     Cash dividends                                              provision for
                                                                           As at impairment as                                        recognized          other                         or profits                                     As at impairment as
                                                                   December 31,     at December        Increase in   Decrease in    under equity comprehensive Change in other declared to be        Provision for            December 31,     at December
           Investee                                                         2023        31, 2023      investments    investments         method         income     equity change      distributed     impairment     Others            2024        31, 2024

           1. Joint ventures
               Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.     22,726,937.99                                                    4,626,492.48                                    1,000,000.00                              26,353,430.47
               Dalian TravelSky Airport Network LLC                 28,655,181.25                                                    2,710,373.43                                    5,000,000.00                              26,365,554.68
               Hebei TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.            14,531,132.69                                                    1,395,608.01                                                                              15,926,740.70
               Shanghai Tianzou Business Travel Agency
                      Co. (Note)                                        12,966.80                                                     –12,966.80
               Xinjiang TravelSky Tianyi Technology Innovation
                      Co., Ltd.                                     20,397,570.68                                                   11,651,400.48                                      500,000.00                              31,548,971.16
               Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd                                            112,973,157.18                   6,587,269.78                                    2,560,000.00                             117,000,426.96
           Sub-total                                                86,323,789.41                   112,973,157.18                  26,958,177.38                                    9,060,000.00                             217,195,123.97
           2. Associates
               Beijing TravelSky Birun Technology Co., Ltd.         54,619,338.39                                                    6,618,268.84                                                                              61,237,607.23
               TravelSky Mobile Technology Limited                 202,003,109.79                                                  –16,885,281.35                  67,636,617.97                                              252,754,446.41
               Shanghai Civil Aviation East China Cares System
                      Integration Co., Ltd.                         94,586,238.86                                                    2,368,060.24    –56,290.19                      2,583,000.00                              94,315,008.91
               Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast Cares Co., Ltd.   150,363,265.30                                                   14,285,963.56                                                                             164,649,228.86
               Chengdu Civil Aviation Southwest Cares Co., Ltd.     87,975,470.75                                                    8,672,697.84                                    1,991,800.00                              94,656,368.59
               Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.           51,537,432.43                   –51,537,432.43
               Guangzhou Skyecho Information Technology
                      Co., Ltd.                                      7,138,082.86                                                     808,885.95                                     1,000,000.00                               6,946,968.81
               Yantai TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.            7,242,591.41                                                     891,361.24                                        13,600.00                               8,120,352.65
           Sub-total                                               655,465,529.79                   –51,537,432.43                  16,759,956.32    –56,290.19    67,636,617.97     5,588,400.00                             682,679,981.46


           Total                                                   741,789,319.20                    61,435,724.75                  43,718,133.70    –56,290.19    67,636,617.97    14,648,400.00                             899,875,105.43



          Note: Shanghai Dongmei Online Travel Agency Co., Ltd. changed its name on February 11, 2025 to Shanghai Tianzou
                Business Travel Agency Co.




170
                                                                                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024




                                                                                                                                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                                                       (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.12 Investments in other equity instruments
        Details of other equity instrument investments

                                                                                     Profit recognized   Loss charged to      Accumulated        Accumulated
                                                                                              in other             other     profit in other   losses in other
                                                           As at                       comprehensive     comprehensive      comprehensive      comprehensive     Dividend income
                                                  December 31,     As at December      income for the     income for the income at the end income at the end recognized during       Reasons for designation as at fair value
         Item                                              2024          31, 2023              period             period      of the period      of the period        the period     through other comprehensive income

         China Merchants RenHe Life Insurance   1,004,312,400.00    830,473,800.00     173,838,600.00                       129,312,400.00                                           Investment held by the Company for
                Company Limited                                                                                                                                                          non-trading purposes


         Total                                  1,004,312,400.00    830,473,800.00     173,838,600.00                       129,312,400.00



    5.13 Other non-current financial assets

                                                                                                                                                As at                                          As at
                                                                                                                                         December 31,                                   December 31,
         Item                                                                                                                                   2024                                           2023
         Financial assets measured at fair value through the
           current profit or loss                                                                                                 1,017,411,627.32                                    786,903,313.48
         Including: Equity instrument investments                                                                                 1,017,411,627.32                                    786,903,313.48


         Total                                                                                                                    1,017,411,627.32                                    786,903,313.48

        Note: Equity instrument investment is the equity of China Mobile Equity Fund (Hebei Xiongan) Partnership (Limited
              Partnership) held by the Company.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                    171
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.14 Investment properties
          5.14.1 Investment properties measured at cost


                                                             Buildings,
                 Item                                     constructions     Land use right              Total
                 1. Original book value
                    (1) As at December 31, 2023          142,507,802.11      92,427,128.90    234,934,931.01
                    (2) Increase in 2024
                    (3) Decrease in 2024                     513,948.64                           513,948.64
                        — Change in scope of
                             consolidation                   513,948.64                           513,948.64
                    (4) As at December 31, 2024          141,993,853.47      92,427,128.90    234,420,982.37
                 2. Accumulated depreciation
                    (1) As at December 31, 2023          106,942,971.49      34,126,425.98    141,069,397.47
                    (2) Increase in 2024                   6,592,194.36       2,286,856.80      8,879,051.16
                        — Provision or amortization        6,592,194.36       2,286,856.80      8,879,051.16
                    (3) Decrease in 2024                     498,530.18                           498,530.18
                        — Change in scope of
                             consolidation                   498,530.18                           498,530.18
                    (4) As at December 31, 2024          113,036,635.67      36,413,282.78    149,449,918.45
                 3. Provision for impairment
                    (1) As at December 31, 2023
                    (2) Increase in 2024
                    (3) Decrease in 2024
                    (4) As at December 31, 2024
                 4. Book value
                    (1) As at December 31, 2024           28,957,217.80      56,013,846.12     84,971,063.92
                    (2) As at December 31, 2023           35,564,830.62      58,300,702.92     93,865,533.54


          5.14.2 Investment properties with pending certificate of title
               None.

      5.15 Fixed assets
          5.15.1 Fixed assets and disposal of fixed assets


                                                                                  As at               As at
                                                                           December 31,        December 31,
                 Item                                                             2024                2023
                 Fixed assets                                         2,783,503,007.16       3,192,752,325.85
                 Disposal of fixed assets                                   661,525.36              76,437.45


                 Total                                                2,784,164,532.52       3,192,828,763.30

172
                                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2024




                                                                                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                           For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                                         (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.15 Fixed assets (Continued)
        5.15.2 Breakdown of fixed assets

                                                  Buildings and         Machinery                           Electronic
              Item                                constructions         equipment     Motor vehicles        equipment Office equipment             Others               Total
               1. Original book value
                  (1) As at December 31,
                        2023                    3,008,269,799.21   1,679,239,407.34    69,997,115.02   2,573,097,120.05    299,308,753.42    26,895,175.80   7,656,807,370.84
                  (2) Increase in 2024                706,102.96    –898,323,460.21     4,825,841.49     226,898,085.51    851,147,560.28       418,347.93     185,672,477.96
                      — Purchase                                       4,003,385.01     4,825,841.49     165,218,161.71     11,383,108.49       241,981.26     185,672,477.96
                      — Asset class
                           adjustments               706,102.96    –902,326,845.22                       61,679,923.80     839,764,451.79       176,366.67
                  (3) Decrease in 2024            15,013,874.97                         5,541,062.67     34,588,911.75       5,266,859.74     1,074,835.51     61,485,544.64
                      — Disposal or scrapping         89,291.55                         3,218,815.69     34,315,749.09       3,353,221.48     1,102,257.52     42,079,335.33
                      — Effect of foreign
                           exchange                                                                         273,162.66         185,606.08      –27,422.01         431,346.73
                      — Decrease in scope of
                           consolidation          10,065,419.20                         2,322,246.98                          1,728,032.18                     14,115,698.36
                      — Other                      4,859,164.22                                                                                                 4,859,164.22
                  (4) As at December 31,
                        2024                    2,993,962,027.20    780,915,947.13     69,281,893.84   2,765,406,293.81   1,145,189,453.96   26,238,688.22   7,780,994,304.16
              2. Accumulated depreciation
                  (1) As at December 31,
                        2023                     818,741,644.26    1,251,521,774.93    62,273,826.48   2,049,413,693.49    245,524,119.22    23,366,464.57   4,450,841,522.95
                  (2) Increase in 2024            49,673,920.96     –538,111,286.41     2,057,651.52     244,358,540.04    830,784,579.85     1,560,440.35     590,323,846.31
                      — Provision                 49,525,521.65      130,174,413.86     2,057,651.52     184,527,011.41    222,628,197.79     1,411,050.08     590,323,846.31
                      — Asset class
                           adjustments                148,399.31   –668,285,700.27                       59,831,528.63     608,156,382.06       149,390.27
                  (3) Decrease in 2024              9,674,488.16                        5,374,797.23     36,250,717.73       4,544,768.68     1,041,474.00     56,886,245.80
                      — Disposal or scrapping          21,472.76                        3,122,251.49     35,992,487.51       2,949,671.01     1,067,375.35     43,153,258.12
                      — Effect of foreign
                           exchange                                                                         258,230.22         184,911.92      –25,901.35         417,240.79
                      — Decrease in scope of
                           consolidation            7,932,434.34                        2,252,545.74                          1,410,185.75                     11,595,165.83
                      — Other                       1,720,581.06                                                                                                1,720,581.06
                  (4) As at December 31,
                        2024                     858,741,077.06     713,410,488.52     58,956,680.77   2,257,521,515.80   1,071,763,930.39   23,885,430.92   4,984,279,123.46
              3. Provision for impairment
                  (1) As at December 31,
                        2023                                           6,322,675.59                        6,890,846.45                                        13,213,522.04
                  (2) Increase in 2024
                  (3) Decrease in 2024                                                                         1,348.50                                              1,348.50
                      — Disposal or scrapping                                                                  1,348.50                                              1,348.50
                  (4) As at December 31,
                        2024                                           6,322,675.59                        6,889,497.95                                        13,212,173.54
              4. Book value
                  (1) As at December 31,
                        2024                    2,135,220,950.14     61,182,783.02     10,325,213.07    500,995,280.06      73,425,523.57     2,353,257.30   2,783,503,007.16
                  (2) As at December 31,
                        2023                    2,189,528,154.95    421,394,956.82      7,723,288.54    516,792,580.11      53,784,634.20     3,528,711.23   3,192,752,325.85




                                                                                                                                                                      173
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.15 Fixed assets (Continued)
          5.15.3 Details of fixed assets leased under operating lease


                                                  Buildings and
                 Item                             constructions Office equipment            Others              Total
                 1. Original book value
                    (1) As at December 31, 2023   179,379,269.21    5,319,202.87                       184,698,472.08
                    (2) Increase in 2024                                               2,198,230.10      2,198,230.10
                        — purchase                                                     2,198,230.10      2,198,230.10
                    (3) Decrease in 2024           35,487,696.35                                        35,487,696.35
                        — rent refund              35,487,696.35                                        35,487,696.35
                    (4) As at December 31, 2024   143,891,572.86    5,319,202.87       2,198,230.10    151,409,005.83
                 2. Accumulated depreciation
                    (1) As at December 31, 2023    16,788,101.90    4,320,959.30                        21,109,061.20
                    (2) Increase in 2024            2,026,878.88      670,455.12         221,919.24      2,919,253.24
                        — Provision                 2,026,878.88      670,455.12         221,919.24      2,919,253.24
                    (3) Decrease in 2024            2,471,207.17                                         2,471,207.17
                        — rent refund               2,471,207.17                                         2,471,207.17
                    (4) As at December 31, 2024    16,343,773.61    4,991,414.42         221,919.24     21,557,107.27
                 3. Provision for impairment
                    (1) As at December 31, 2023
                    (2) Increase in 2024
                    (3) Decrease in 2024
                    (4) As at December 31, 2024
                 4. Book value
                    (1) As at December 31, 2024   127,547,799.25      327,788.45       1,976,310.86    129,851,898.56
                    (2) As at December 31, 2023   162,591,167.31      998,243.57                       163,589,410.88


          5.15.4 Fixed assets without certificate of title
               None.

          5.15.5 Disposal of fixed assets


                                                                                    As at                    As at
                                                                             December 31,             December 31,
                 Item                                                               2024                     2023
                 Scrapping of fixed assets to be approved                          661,525.36             76,437.45


                 Total                                                             661,525.36             76,437.45




174
                                                                                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024




                                                                                                                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                                                            (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.16 Construction in progress
        5.16.1 Construction in progress and project materials


                                                                  As at December 31, 2024                                                                As at December 31, 2023
                                                                         Provision for                                                                          Provision for
              Item                                      Book balance      impairment      Book value                                           Book balance      impairment      Book value
              Construction in
                 progress                              37,609,010.67                                               37,609,010.67               20,897,853.51                                                  20,897,853.51
              Project materials


              Total                                    37,609,010.67                                               37,609,010.67               20,897,853.51                                                  20,897,853.51


        5.16.2 Breakdown of construction in progress


                                                                  As at December 31, 2024                                                                As at December 31, 2023
                                                                         Provision for                                                                          Provision for
              Item                                      Book balance      impairment      Book value                                           Book balance      impairment      Book value
              China Aviation
                 Information
                 Technology
                 Industrial Park
                 Construction
                 Project
                 (Phase II)                            13,444,602.60                                               13,444,602.60                 9,813,270.39                                                   9,813,270.39
              (Yuzhuang) Second
                 Road Electricity
                 Project                               24,164,408.07                                               24,164,408.07               11,084,583.12                                                  11,084,583.12


              Total                                    37,609,010.67                                               37,609,010.67               20,897,853.51                                                  20,897,853.51


        5.16.3 Changes in major items of construction in progress in 2024

                                                                                                                                           Proportion                                  Of which: the
                                                                                                                                     of the project’s                                     amount of
                                                                                        Transfer                                          cumulative                      Cumulative        interest
                                                              As at                    into fixed         Other             As at         investment                       amount of capitalized in Current interest
                                                       December 31,      Increase in    assets in   decreases in     December 31,              in the                         interest the current capitalization      Sources of
              Item                           Budget           2023             2024         2024           2024             2024          budget (%) Project progress   capitalization        period       rate (%)    funds
              China Aviation          938,492,800.00    9,813,270.39    3,631,332.21                                 13,444,602.60             1.43 construction                                                       Own capital
                   Information                                                                                                                          period
                   Technology
                   Industrial Park
                   Construction
                   Project (Phase II)
              (Yuzhuang) Second        44,290,000.00   11,084,583.12   13,079,824.95                                 24,164,408.07            54.56 construction                                                       Own capital
                   Road Electricity                                                                                                                     period
                   Project


              Total                                    20,897,853.51   16,711,157.16                                 37,609,010.67




                                                                                                                                                                                                                          175
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.17 Right-of-use assets

                                                      Buildings and
           Item                                       constructions        Others             Total
           1. Original book value
              (1) As at December 31, 2023            336,371,363.58      35,616.01   336,406,979.59
              (2) Increase in 2024                     8,275,762.48      35,616.04     8,311,378.52
                   — New lease                         9,372,109.86      35,616.04     9,407,725.90
                   — Re-evaluation adjustment         –1,096,347.38                   –1,096,347.38
              (3) Decrease in 2024                   167,959,604.89      35,616.01   167,995,220.90
                   — Expiration of lease             161,424,692.90      35,616.01   161,460,308.91
                   — Effect of foreign exchange          977,734.06                      977,734.06
                   — Re-evaluation adjustment            946,235.37                      946,235.37
                   — Early termination                 4,486,569.40                    4,486,569.40
                   — Decrease in scope of
                       consolidation                     124,373.16                      124,373.16
              (4) As at December 31, 2024            176,687,521.17      35,616.04   176,723,137.21
           2. Accumulated depreciation
              (1) As at December 31, 2023            188,179,205.81      28,196.19   188,207,402.00
              (2) Increase in 2024                   106,470,792.03      11,871.85   106,482,663.88
                   — Provision                       106,825,694.07      11,871.85   106,837,565.92
                   — Re-evaluation adjustment           –354,902.04                     –354,902.04
              (3) Decrease in 2024                   164,004,501.43      35,616.01   164,040,117.44
                   — Expiration of lease             161,367,068.36      35,616.01   161,402,684.37
                   — Effect of foreign exchange          742,194.27                      742,194.27
                   — Re-evaluation adjustment             73,437.44                       73,437.44
                   — Early termination                 1,780,343.64                    1,780,343.64
                   — Decrease in scope of
                        consolidation                     41,457.72                       41,457.72
              (4) As at December 31, 2024            130,645,496.41       4,452.03   130,649,948.44
           3. Provision for impairment
              (1) As at December 31, 2023                 2,280,096.09                 2,280,096.09
              (2) Increase in 2024
              (3) Decrease in 2024                           96,754.38                    96,754.38
                   — Effect of foreign exchange              96,754.38                    96,754.38
              (4) As at December 31, 2024                 2,183,341.71                 2,183,341.71
           4. Book value
              (1) As at December 31, 2024             43,858,683.05      31,164.01    43,889,847.06
              (2) As at December 31, 2023            145,912,061.68       7,419.82   145,919,481.50




176
                                                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024




                                                                                                                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                               For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                                             (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.18 Intangible assets
        5.18.1 Breakdown of intangible assets

                                                                                                                                       Data resources
                                                                                       Non-patented                                                               Other
              Item                                   Land use rights        Patents      technology           Software      Purchase    Self-developed      acquisitions              Total
              1. Original book value
                 (1) As at December 31, 2023         2,061,569,129.00   1,189,751.32   68,400,477.42   3,241,307,134.06                                                    5,372,466,491.80
                 (2) Increase in 2024                   12,603,743.81   1,726,370.94   18,019,238.90      18,028,901.75                  38,550,618.09                        88,928,873.49
                      — Purchase                        12,603,743.81                   2,072,354.06      52,966,572.56                                                       67,642,670.43
                      — Internal R&D                                                   15,946,884.84        –724,340.53                   6,063,658.75                        21,286,203.06
                      — Asset class adjustments                         1,726,370.94                     –34,213,330.28                  32,486,959.34
                 (3) Decrease in 2024                                                                     11,955,178.11                                                       11,955,178.11
                      — Disposal                                                                           8,325,079.80                                                        8,325,079.80
                      — Effect of foreign exchange                                                         3,630,098.31                                                        3,630,098.31
                 (4) As at December 31, 2024         2,074,172,872.81   2,916,122.26   86,419,716.32   3,247,380,857.70                  38,550,618.09                     5,449,440,187.18
              2. Accumulated depreciation
                 (1) As at December 31, 2023          698,681,105.73     225,114.00    53,192,030.28   2,173,231,555.30                                                    2,925,329,805.31
                 (2) Increase in 2024                  67,652,795.56     305,998.71     8,020,888.03     441,649,511.93                  11,899,836.96                       529,529,031.19
                      — Provision                      67,652,795.56     258,043.96     8,020,888.03     453,428,868.67                     168,434.97                       529,529,031.19
                      — Asset class adjustments                           47,954.75                      –11,779,356.74                  11,731,401.99
                 (3) Decrease in 2024                                                                     10,259,221.90                                                       10,259,221.90
                      — Disposal                                                                           8,325,079.80                                                        8,325,079.80
                      — Effect of foreign exchange                                                         1,934,142.10                                                        1,934,142.10
                 (4) As at December 31, 2024          766,333,901.29     531,112.71    61,212,918.31   2,604,621,845.33                  11,899,836.96                     3,444,599,614.60
              3. Provision for impairment
                 (1) As at December 31, 2023
                 (2) Increase in 2024
                 (3) Decrease in 2024
                 (4) As at December 31, 2024
              4. Book value
                 (1) As at December 31, 2024         1,307,838,971.52   2,385,009.55   25,206,798.01     642,759,012.37                  26,650,781.13                     2,004,840,572.58
                 (2) As at December 31, 2023         1,362,888,023.27     964,637.32   15,208,447.14   1,068,075,578.76                                                    2,447,136,686.49



             Intangible assets formed through in-house research and development accounted for 24.55%
             of the intangible asset balance at the end of the period.

        5.18.2 Status of intangible assets of data resources
            （1） Intangible assets of data resources with indefinite useful lives
                       None.

            （2） Intangible assets of a single data resource with a significant impact
                       None.

        5.18.3 Status of land use rights for which no title deeds have been issued
             None.




                                                                                                                                                                                   177
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.19 Goodwill
          5.19.1 Changes in goodwill


                                                                        Increase in 2024                     Decrease in 2024
                                                      As at     Formed from                                                                        As at
           Name of the investee or            December 31,       the business                                                              December 31,
           matters forming goodwill                    2023      combination               Others           Disposal            Others              2024

           Original book value
           Guangzhou Skyecho Information
              Technology Limited                260,400.76                                                                                   260,400.76
           OpenJaw Technologies Limited      152,334,357.62                                                                               152,334,357.62
           Sub-total                         152,594,758.38                                                                               152,594,758.38


           Provision for impairment
           OpenJaw Technologies Limited      152,334,357.62                                                                               152,334,357.62
           Sub-total                         152,334,357.62                                                                               152,334,357.62


           Book value                           260,400.76                                                                                   260,400.76



      5.20 Long-term deferred expenses

                                                              As at
                                                       December 31,             Increase in Amortization in                 Other As at December
           Item                                               2023                    2024            2024              decreases        31, 2024
           Various types of renovation and
              transformation works                       4,323,367.68       27,065,029.48           5,469,142.51                         25,919,254.65


           Total                                         4,323,367.68       27,065,029.48           5,469,142.51                         25,919,254.65




178
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024




                                                                                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                         (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.21 Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities
        5.21.1 Deferred tax assets before offset


                                                         As at December 31, 2024               As at December 31, 2023
                                                          Deductible                           Deductible
                                                          temporary      Deferred tax           temporary      Deferred tax
               Item                                      differences           assets          differences           assets
               Provision for impairment of
                  assets                            1,097,918,213.44    165,512,983.67     972,313,450.49      146,529,416.97
               Employee compensation payable
                  accrued more than actually
                  paid                                265,313,933.33     39,797,090.00      148,392,851.11      22,258,927.67
               Amortization of intangible assets    1,077,797,544.25    161,672,029.63      904,987,192.12     135,749,790.61
               Accrued expenses                     1,097,663,698.07    164,649,554.71    1,274,308,625.39     191,146,293.81
               Fixed assets depreciation                  261,159.70         43,091.35          183,460.24          30,270.94
               Contract liabilities                   395,059,221.20     59,258,883.18      434,153,064.08      65,122,959.61
               Changes in fair value of
                  investments in other equity
                  instruments                                                               42,216,878.06        6,297,891.88
               Temporary differences due to
                  lease liabilities                   48,689,720.11       7,555,210.15     154,478,997.39       23,250,110.69
               Offset                                –41,559,144.02      –6,457,805.25    –140,606,170.53      –21,090,925.58

               Total                                3,941,144,346.08    592,031,037.44    3,790,428,348.35     569,294,736.60


        5.21.2 Deferred tax liabilities before offset

                                                         As at December 31, 2024               As at December 31, 2023
                                                             Taxable                               Taxable
                                                          temporary      Deferred tax           temporary      Deferred tax
               Item                                      differences        liabilities        differences         liabilities
               Changes in fair value of financial
                  instruments held for trading
                  and other non-current
                  financial assets                   185,623,751.80      27,843,562.77     108,014,269.31       16,202,140.40
               Taxable difference arising from
                  asset evaluation increment          27,669,767.17       6,642,500.08      31,479,791.23        7,649,911.62
               Temporary difference arising
                  from accelerated depreciation
                  of fixed assets                     31,491,505.08       4,746,894.03      36,918,619.89        6,140,442.12
               Amortization of intangible assets      42,127,664.56       5,265,958.07      43,994,544.16        5,499,318.02
               Temporary differences due to
                  right-of-use assets                 42,961,890.06       6,659,915.78     140,285,150.24       21,184,352.87
               Changes in fair value of
                  investments in other equity
                  instruments                        129,312,400.00      19,396,860.00
               Offset                                –41,559,144.02      –6,457,805.25    –140,606,170.53      –21,090,925.58

               Total                                 417,627,834.65      64,097,885.48     220,086,204.30       35,585,239.45



                                                                                                                          179
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.21 Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities (Continued)
          5.21.3 Details of unrecognized deferred tax assets


                                                                             As at                As at
                                                                      December 31,         December 31,
                 Item                                                        2024                 2023
                 Deductible temporary differences                      2,319,093.05
                 Deductible losses                                    21,282,056.92        25,286,096.14


                 Total                                                23,601,149.97        25,286,096.14


          5.21.4 Deductible losses from unrecognized deferred tax assets will be expired in the following
                 years


                                                           As at              As at
                                                    December 31,       December 31,
                 Year                                      2024               2023     Remark
                 2026                                  273,186.93       3,845,181.67
                 2027                                3,136,727.44       2,073,366.07
                 2028                                4,931,070.14       4,931,070.14
                 2029                                3,144,399.65       3,144,399.65
                 2030                                2,485,606.98       2,485,606.98
                 2031                                                     415,383.77
                 2032                                                   2,194,158.89
                 2033                                6,196,928.97       6,196,928.97
                 2034                                1,114,136.81


                 Total                              21,282,056.92      25,286,096.14




180
                                                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2024




                                                                                                                             NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                                                   (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.22 Other non-current assets

                                                                 As at December 31, 2024                                                 As at December 31, 2023
                                                                          Provision for                                                                Provision for
         Item                                     Book balance                 impairment                 Book value       Book balance                 impairment                Book value
         Time deposits and
                interest over one year           651,357,806.69                                   651,357,806.69 514,671,917.81                                              514,671,917.81


         Total                                   651,357,806.69                                   651,357,806.69 514,671,917.81                                              514,671,917.81


        Note: For time certificates of deposit held by China Construction Bank, Ping An Bank, Bank of Communications and
              China Minsheng Banking Corporation for a period of more than one year, of which RMB500,000,000.00 of
              China Construction Bank, with an interest rate of 3.1% per annum, a maturity period of 1,097 days, and not
              revocable before maturity; RMB20,000,000.00 of Ping An Bank, with an interest rate of 2.6% per annum, a
              maturity period of 1,097 days; RMB60,000,000.00 of Bank of Communications, with an interest rate of 2.15%–
                   2.40% per annum, and a maturity period of 1,096 days; and China Minsheng Banking Corporation,
                   RMB40,000,000.00, certificates of deposit with interest rates ranging from 2.40% per annum and a term of
                   1,096 days.


    5.23 Assets with restricted ownership or use

                                                         As at December 31, 2024                                                           As at December 31, 2023
                                                                     Type of                                                                             Type of
         Item                 Carrying amount          Book value    restriction   Restrictions                 Carrying amount          Book value      restriction   Restrictions

         Cash and cash        1,490,398,550.10    1,490,398,550.10   Other         Provisions for payment        1,280,622,609.01   1,280,622,609.01     Other         Provisions for payment
                equivalents                                                           operations, time or                                                                 operations, time or call
                                                                                      call deposits for                                                                   deposits for security
                                                                                      security purposes,                                                                  purposes, performance
                                                                                      performance bonds,                                                                  bonds, property
                                                                                      property preservation,                                                              preservation,
                                                                                      channelisation                                                                      channelisation deposits
                                                                                      deposits for payments,                                                              for payments, etc.
                                                                                      etc.
         Other non-current     530,171,917.81      530,171,917.81    Other         Ring-fenced funds and          514,671,917.81     514,671,917.81      Other         Ring-fenced funds and
                assets                                                                interest thereon                                                                    interest thereon


         Total                2,020,570,467.91    2,020,570,467.91                                               1,795,294,526.82   1,795,294,526.82




                                                                                                                                                                                             181
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.24 Short-term borrowings
          Classification of short-term borrowings


                                                                                As at                As at
                                                                         December 31,         December 31,
           Item                                                                 2024                 2023
           Credit borrowings                                          1,203,300,592.42       751,589,902.50


           Total                                                      1,203,300,592.42       751,589,902.50


          Antu Jinxin Commercial Factoring Co., Ltd., the grandson of the Company, borrowed RMB350.00
          million from the Beijing Shunyi Branch of Bank of Shanghai Co., Ltd., of which RMB15.00 million
          was borrowed for a period from December 30, 2024 to March 30, 2025, at an interest rate of
          2.95%; The loan period of RMB200.00 million is from December 31, 2024 to March 31, 2025, at an
          interest rate of 2.95%.

          Antu Jinxin Commercial Factoring Co., Ltd., the grandson of the Company, borrowed RMB202.48
          million from the business department of Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Tianjin Free Trade
          Zone Branch,of which RMB16.27 million was borrowed for a period from August 14, 2024 to
          February 14, 2025, at an interest rate of 2.85%; the loan period of RMB3.73 million is from August
          15, 2024 to February 14, 2025 at an interest rate of 2.85%; the loan period of RMB69.06 million is
          from September 27, 2024 to March 25, 2025, at an interest rate of 2.80%; the loan period of
          RMB113.42 million is from October 28, 2024 to April 25, 2025,at an interest rate of 2.75%.

          Antu Jinxin Commercial Factoring Co., Ltd., the grandson of the Company, borrowed RMB500.00
          million from the Business Department of China CITIC Bank Beijing Branch, of which RMB200.00
          million was borrowed for a period from April 28, 2024 to April 28, 2025,at an interest rate of 3.2%;
          the loan period of RMB300.00 million is from March 20, 2024 to March 20, 2025, at an interest
          rate of 3.2%.

          Antu Jinxin Commercial Factoring Co., Ltd., the grandson of the Company, borrowed RMB50
          million from the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited Beijing Branch. The loan period
          from September 25, 2024 to September 24, 2025 at an interest rate of 2.61%.

          Antu Jinxin Commercial Factoring Co., Ltd., the grandson of the Company, borrowed RMB100.00
          million from the Beijing Farmers and Merchants Bank Huaxiang Sub-branch. The loan period is
          from November 22, 2024 to November 22, 2025 at an interest rate of 2.75%.




182
                                                                                      Annual Report 2024




                                                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.25 Accounts payable
        5.25.1 Presentation of accounts payable (based on invoice dates)


                                                                              As at             As at
                                                                       December 31,      December 31,
              Item                                                            2024              2023
              Within 1 year (including 1 year)                     1,549,348,182.83    1,352,452,862.59
              1–2 years (including 2 years)                          340,985,846.69      490,747,069.40
              2–3 years (including 3 years)                          186,806,682.64      240,435,788.72
              Over 3 years                                           110,259,454.78      161,923,454.06


              Total                                                2,187,400,166.94    2,245,559,174.77


        5.25.2 Significant account payables with aging over one year


                                                                      As at
                                                               December 31,    Reason for no payment or
              Item                                                    2024     carry-forward
              Shanghai CAAC Huadong Kaiya System               62,575,223.35   Business is conducted
                Integration Co., Ltd.                                            on a continuous
                                                                                 rolling basis
              Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast Cares Co.,     18,207,579.67   Business is conducted
                Ltd.                                                             on a continuous
                                                                                 rolling basis
              Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.       11,805,051.27   Business is conducted
                                                                                 on a continuous
                                                                                 rolling basis
              Xinjiang TravelSky Tianyi Technology             10,862,197.50   Business is conducted
                Innovation Co., Ltd.                                             on a continuous
                                                                                 rolling basis
              TravelSky Mobile Technology Co., Ltd.            10,327,526.03   Business is conducted
                                                                                 on a continuous
                                                                                 rolling basis


              Total                                           113,777,577.82




                                                                                                    183
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.26 Contract liabilities
          5.26.1 Details of contract liabilities


                                                                                  As at              As at
                                                                           December 31,       December 31,
                 Item                                                             2024               2023
                 System integration service contract                      645,608,277.80     890,290,731.73


                 Total                                                    645,608,277.80     890,290,731.73


          5.26.2 Significant contractual liabilities aged over one year


                                                                          As at     Reasons for non-
                                                                   December 31,     reimbursement or
                 Item                                                     2024      carry-over
                 Air China Limited                                102,170,565.62    Performance obligations
                                                                                      not yet completed
                 China Southern Airlines Company Limited           89,489,116.89    Performance obligations
                                                                                      not yet completed
                 Shanghai Airlines Co., Ltd.                       76,911,038.54    Performance obligations
                                                                                      not yet completed
                 Sichuan Airlines Co., Ltd.                        38,367,016.93    Performance obligations
                                                                                      not yet completed


                 Total                                            306,937,737.98


          5.26.3 Amount from significant change in book value and reason therefor during the reporting
                 period


                                                                          Changed
                 Item                                                      amount   Reason for change
                 System integration service contract             –244,682,453.93    Revenue recognised on
                                                                                      acceptance of projects
                                                                                      during the period


                 Total                                           –244,682,453.93




184
                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024




                                                                                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                            (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.27 Employee compensation payable
        5.27.1 Presentation of employee benefits payable


                                                                                                              Of which:
                                                                                                         decrease from
                                                         As at                                                  change           As at
                                                  December 31,                                              in scope of   December 31,
              Item                                       2023      Increase in 2024 Decrease in 2024      consolidation          2024
              Short-term compensation             220,600,180.42   2,202,293,434.42   2,157,878,213.50       54,953.80    265,015,401.34
              Post-employment benefits
                 — defined contribution plans      14,457,365.64    311,637,514.62     306,848,586.49                      19,246,293.77
              Dismissal benefits                       39,532.24      2,677,002.40       2,647,919.79                          68,614.85
              Other benefits due within one
                 year
              Others                                5,200,838.09     14,514,563.26      13,477,487.10                       6,237,914.25


              Total                               240,297,916.39   2,531,122,514.70   2,480,852,206.88       54,953.80    290,568,224.21


        5.27.2 Presentation of short-term compensation


                                                                                                              Of which:
                                                                                                         decrease from
                                                         As at                                                  change           As at
                                                  December 31,                                              in scope of   December 31,
              Item                                       2023      Increase in 2024 Decrease in 2024      consolidation          2024
              (1) Salaries, bonuses, allowances
                    and subsidies                 124,227,243.13   1,699,080,236.44   1,661,154,783.74                    162,152,695.83
              (2) Employee welfare                                   129,062,030.51     129,062,030.51       25,620.00
              (3) Social insurance premiums         2,343,057.95     163,796,204.37     164,094,924.00                      2,044,338.32
                  Including: Medical insurance
                               premium              1,252,715.17    151,483,671.07     151,804,570.01                        931,816.23
                             Work-related
                                injury
                                insurance
                                premium              122,753.66       4,237,708.22       4,227,011.66                        133,450.22
                             Maternity
                                insurance
                                premium              967,589.12       8,074,825.08       8,063,342.33                        979,071.87
                             Others
              (4) Housing provident funds           2,964,416.68    156,677,687.52     156,444,952.52                       3,197,151.68
              (5) Labor union expenditures and
                    employee education funds       91,065,462.66     53,677,275.58      47,121,522.73        29,333.80     97,621,215.51
              (6) Short-term compensated
                    absences
              (7) Short-term profit sharing
                    plan


              Total                               220,600,180.42   2,202,293,434.42   2,157,878,213.50       54,953.80    265,015,401.34


                                                                                                                                   185
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.27 Employee compensation payable (Continued)
          5.27.3 Presentation of defined contribution plans


                                                                                                         Of which:
                                                                                                    decrease from
                                                       As at                                               change               As at
                                                December 31,                                           in scope of       December 31,
                   Item                                2023     Increase in 2024 Decrease in 2024    consolidation              2024
                   Basic endowment insurance
                      premium                    2,931,920.61    215,567,775.32    215,850,406.83                         2,649,289.10
                   Unemployment insurance
                      premium                     –220,973.40      7,084,945.65      6,935,916.32                           –71,944.07
                   Enterprise annuity payment   11,746,418.43     88,984,793.65     84,062,263.34                        16,668,948.74


                   Total                        14,457,365.64    311,637,514.62    306,848,586.49                        19,246,293.77


      5.28 Taxes payable

                                                                                             As at                      As at
                                                                                      December 31,               December 31,
           Taxes and surcharges                                                              2024                       2023
           Value-added tax                                                             14,422,227.08                 15,203,893.76
           Consumption tax                                                                  2,564.51
           Corporate income tax                                                        79,039,645.93            155,385,237.30
           Individual income tax                                                       76,287,256.56             83,887,997.99
           Urban maintenance and construction tax                                       4,281,711.44              4,473,796.18
           House property tax                                                           1,293,318.52              1,304,637.49
           Educational surcharge                                                        3,311,236.99              3,463,343.01
           Land use tax                                                                   142,770.48                144,183.28
           Others                                                                       2,585,962.06                755,814.71


           Total                                                                     181,366,693.57             264,618,903.72




186
                                                                                     Annual Report 2024




                                                                     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.29 Other payables

                                                                           As at               As at
                                                                    December 31,        December 31,
         Item                                                              2024                2023
         Interest payable
         Dividends payable                                           22,784,396.34       26,683,436.78
         Other payables                                           1,929,204,076.46    1,620,721,937.94


         Total                                                    1,951,988,472.80    1,647,405,374.72


        5.29.1 Dividends payable


                                                                           As at               As at
                                                                    December 31,        December 31,
                 Item                                                      2024                2023
                 Ordinary share dividends                           22,784,396.34       26,683,436.78


                 Total                                              22,784,396.34       26,683,436.78


        5.29.2 Other payables
             Presentation in terms of nature

                                                                           As at               As at
                                                                    December 31,        December 31,
                 Item                                                      2024                2023
                 E-commerce payment business                      1,436,508,716.22    1,165,956,391.00
                 Settlement and clearing business payment           379,994,602.76      343,392,553.18
                 Current amounts                                     69,874,257.81       48,863,736.59
                 Social insurance and provident funds                 5,848,626.10       17,120,953.34
                 Guaranteed deposits and deposits, etc.              36,977,873.57       45,388,303.83


                 Total                                            1,929,204,076.46    1,620,721,937.94




                                                                                                   187
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.30 Non-current liabilities maturing within one year

                                                                  As at            As at
                                                           December 31,     December 31,
           Item                                                   2024             2023
           Long-term borrowings maturing within one year   200,213,888.89
           Lease liabilities maturing within one year       41,364,102.61   109,423,596.99


           Total                                           241,577,991.50   109,423,596.99


      5.31 Other current liabilities

                                                                  As at            As at
                                                           December 31,     December 31,
           Item                                                   2024             2023
           Output tax to be carried forward                 22,905,296.79    44,307,925.16


           Total                                            22,905,296.79    44,307,925.16


      5.32 Long-term borrowings

                                                                  As at            As at
                                                           December 31,     December 31,
           Item                                                   2024             2023
           Credit borrowings                                                200,213,888.89


           Total                                                            200,213,888.89




188
                                                                                     Annual Report 2024




                                                                     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.33 Lease liabilities

                                                                           As at                   As at
                                                                    December 31,            December 31,
         Item                                                              2024                    2023
         Lease payments                                             10,006,413.39           56,446,451.17
         Less: Financing charges unrecognized                        1,752,839.21            5,865,425.87


         Total                                                        8,253,574.18          50,581,025.30


    5.34 Long-term payables

                                                                           As at                   As at
                                                                    December 31,            December 31,
         Item                                                              2024                    2023
         Long-term payables
         Special payables                                               400,237.65             420,237.65


         Total                                                          400,237.65             420,237.65


        Special payables


                                                       As at                                     As at
                                                December 31,    Increase in   Decrease in December 31,
         Item                                          2023           2024          2024         2024
         Item 1                                    395,709.35                                   395,709.35
         Item 2                                     24,528.30                   20,000.00         4,528.30


         Total                                     420,237.65                   20,000.00       400,237.65




                                                                                                      189
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.35 Provisions

                                              As at                                            As at
                                       December 31,        Increase in      Decrease in December 31,            Forming
           Item                               2023               2024             2024         2024              reason
           Payment of business
             risk reserve                   20,000.00                                         20,000.00


           Total                            20,000.00                                         20,000.00

          Note: Beijing Yake Payment Technology Development Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Group, accrues payment business
                risk reserves according to its internally issued Yakefa “2020” No. 21 “Payment Business Risk Reserve
                Management Measures”. According to the management measures, The company withdraws a risk reserve of
                RMB5,000.00 every six months, with a maximum limit of RMB20,000.00. The management measures were
                promulgated in July 2020 and will be implemented from the date of promulgation.


      5.36 Deferred income

                                                       As at                                                     As at
                                                December 31,              Increase         Decrease       December 31,
           Item                                        2023                in 2024          in 2024              2024
           Government grants                      1,221,182.50           987,711.54     2,036,394.04         172,500.00


           Total                                  1,221,182.50           987,711.54     2,036,394.04         172,500.00




190
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024




                                                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                        (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.37 Share capital

                                                  Changes in 2024 (“+” for increase and “–” for decrease)
                                        As at         New              Conversion                                     As at
                                 December 31,       shares      Share of reserves                              December 31,
         Item                           2023        issued donation into share         Others Sub-total               2024
         Total shares          2,926,209,589.00                                                              2,926,209,589.00


    5.38 Capital reserves

                                                  As at                                                            As at
                                           December 31,            Increase in          Decrease in         December 31,
         Item                                     2023                   2024                 2024                 2024
         Capital (share capital)
           premium                         833,156,399.12        7,794,066.99                               840,950,466.11
         Other capital reserves            358,881,026.40       67,636,617.97                               426,517,644.37


         Total                           1,192,037,425.52       75,430,684.96                           1,267,468,110.48


        Note: The increase in capital premium of RMB7,794,066.99 during the period was due to the discount arising from
              the Company’s acquisition of the minority interests in Yunnan Civil Aviation Cares Information Co., Ltd. in 2021
              being credited to capital surplus, and the reversal of the capital discount originally recognised during the
              period as a result of the disposal of the equity interests.


                The increase in other capital surplus of RMB67,636,617.97 during the period was due to the increase in equity
                attributable to the Company arising from additional investments made by other shareholders of an associate
                company, TravelSky Mobile Technology Co., Ltd.




                                                                                                                        191
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.39 Other comprehensive income

                                                                                                              2024
                                                                               Less: amount                                                        Less: amount
                                                                                  previously                                                          previously
                                                                             included in the                                                     included in the
                                                                                       other                                                               other
                                                                             comprehensive                                                       comprehensive
                                                                                 income and                                                          income and
                                                               Amount before       currently                     Amount after Amount after             currently
                                                         As at income tax in transferred to                    tax attributable tax attributable transferred to           As at
                                                  December 31,   the current    the profit or     Less: income to the parent        to minority     the retained   December 31,
           Item                                          2023         period            loss      tax expenses        company shareholders              earnings          2024
           1. Other comprehensive income
               that cannot be reclassified into
               profit or loss                       –34,440,759.56 173,782,309.81                 26,075,790.00 147,706,519.81                                     113,265,760.25
               Including: Other comprehensive
                             income not
                             transferable to profit
                             or loss under the
                             equity method            3,406,510.44     –56,290.19                                     –56,290.19                                     3,350,220.25
                           Changes in fair
                             value of other
                             equity instrument
                             investments            –37,847,270.00 173,838,600.00                 26,075,790.00 147,762,810.00                                     109,915,540.00
           2. Other comprehensive income
               that will be reclassified into
               profit or loss                       –18,798,757.20 3,973,658.77     -506,887.49                      4,480,546.26                                  –14,318,210.94
               Including: Translation
                             differences of
                             foreign currency
                             financial
                             statements             –18,798,757.20 3,973,658.77     -506,887.49                      4,480,546.26                                  –14,318,210.94


           Total of other comprehensive
               income                            –53,239,516.76 177,755,968.58      -506,887.49   26,075,790.00 152,187,066.07                                      98,947,549.31




192
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024




                                                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                      (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.40 Surplus reserves

                                                  As at                                                          As at
                                           December 31,                                                   December 31,
         Item                                     2023       Increase in 2024    Decrease in 2024                2024
         Statutory surplus reserves      2,327,572,927.77      170,291,613.33                          2,497,864,541.10
         Discretionary surplus
           reserves                      1,894,221,740.73      116,981,122.04                          2,011,202,862.77


         Total                           4,221,794,668.50      287,272,735.37                          4,509,067,403.87


        Note: According to the resolution of the annual general meeting of the Company held on June 20, 2024, the
              discretionary surplus reserve shall be calculated at 10% of the net profit of the parent company and a
              statutory surplus reserve of 10% of the parent company’s net profit.


    5.41 General risk reserves

                                                  As at                                                          As at
                                           December 31,                                                   December 31,
         Item                                     2023       Increase in 2024    Decrease in 2024                2024
         General risk reserves             13,260,933.32                                                  13,260,933.32


         Total                             13,260,933.32                                                  13,260,933.32


        Note: The general risk reserves are accrued by the subsidiary of the Company Antu Jinxin Commercial Factoring Co.,
              Ltd. from net profit, the amount determined at 1% of the balance of risk assets at the end of the period is
              deducted from the amount that has been accrued in the book, in accordance with the Circular of the General
              Office of the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission on Strengthening the Supervision and
              Administration of Commercial Factoring Enterprises (YBJBF [2019] No.205).




                                                                                                                    193
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.42 Retained earnings

           Item                                                                         Year 2024                Year 2023
           Retained profit at the end of the previous year before
             adjustment                                                        12,171,069,311.04         11,086,449,688.61
           Total adjustment to retained profit at the beginning of
             the year (“+” for increase and “–” for decrease)
           Retained profit at the beginning of the year after
             adjustment                                                        12,171,069,311.04         11,086,449,688.61
           Plus: Net profit attributable to shareholders of
                   parent company                                               2,074,272,594.78          1,398,952,067.33
           Less: Withdrawal of statutory surplus reserves                         170,291,613.33            116,981,122.04
                 Withdrawal of discretionary surplus reserves                     116,981,122.04             38,865,081.58
                 Withdraw general risk reserve                                                                3,397,133.06
                 Common stock dividends payable                                    468,193,534.24           155,089,108.22


           Retained profit at the end of the period                            13,489,875,636.21         12,171,069,311.04

          Note: As at June 20, 2024, the proposal to distribute the “2023 Final Cash Dividend” was approved at the annual
                general meeting of the Company, with a dividend of RMB0.16 per share (including tax), with a total distribution
                of RMB468,193,534.24.


      5.43 Operating income and operating costs
          5.43.1 Operating revenues and operating costs


                                                      Year 2024                                    Year 2023
                  Item                            Revenue                   Cost              Revenue                   Cost
                  Primary business        8,789,242,193.30     4,299,273,990.45       6,936,392,941.04     3,302,163,491.89
                  Other business             33,781,127.55        10,615,229.83          47,453,919.73        14,355,416.29


                  Total                   8,823,023,320.85     4,309,889,220.28       6,983,846,860.77     3,316,518,908.18




194
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024




                                                                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                     (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.43 Operating income and operating costs (Continued)
        5.43.1 Operating revenues and operating costs (Continued)
             Details of operating income:

              Item                                                                   Year 2024           Year 2023
              Aviation information technology services                         4,318,703,973.91    3,850,794,933.58
              Settlement and clearing services                                   591,165,828.48      447,324,276.48
              System integration services                                      1,887,709,037.10      994,304,443.09
              Data network services                                              464,559,678.88      390,020,871.21
              Income from technical services (Note)                              936,825,950.36      617,024,589.40
              Other income                                                       624,058,852.12      684,377,747.01
              Including: Payment business income                                 175,053,956.28      225,177,406.69
                         Income from leasing, operation, and
                            maintenance services                                197,217,250.32      215,848,467.32
                         Logistics business income                               88,539,659.09       74,792,204.36
                         Data service income                                     85,398,747.53       73,457,046.61


              Total                                                            8,823,023,320.85    6,983,846,860.77

             Note: Prior years were disclosed as ‘technical service income’.


        5.43.2 Significant contractual changes or significant transaction price adjustments


                                                                                                  Amount of effect
              Item                                        Methods of accounting treatment             on revenue
              Large agreement fee model                   Changes in contracts, offset by          –146,118,785.22
                                                            income in the period in which
                                                            the contract is changed


              Total                                                                                –146,118,785.22




                                                                                                                195
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.44 Taxes and surcharges

           Item                                              Year 2024        Year 2023
           Urban construction and maintenance tax         18,986,077.78    15,112,629.52
           Educational surcharges                         10,499,948.44     8,371,874.94
           Local educational surcharges                    6,999,245.17     5,582,387.50
           Real property tax                              49,473,285.17    48,366,466.18
           Resource tax                                       28,678.60        13,657.20
           Land use tax                                      579,768.33       571,736.43
           Stamp tax                                       7,345,823.79     3,256,684.18
           Vehicle and vessel tax                            161,363.34       194,787.75
           Others                                            527,851.94       395,130.09


           Total                                          94,602,042.56    81,865,353.79


      5.45 Selling and distribution expenses

           Item                                              Year 2024        Year 2023
           Labor costs                                    60,215,950.91    62,677,041.93
           Distribution support costs                     12,222,060.78     8,988,113.31
           Payments of business cost                       6,540,314.26     6,232,358.84
           Expenses for business trips                     4,813,668.84     4,890,084.24
           Business entertainment fees                     3,442,681.53     3,818,037.13
           Technical support and maintenance fees          2,320,390.05    37,804,613.00
           Advertising and production costs                1,776,324.03       534,310.52
           Vehicle fees                                      578,477.30       645,974.04
           Depreciation expenses of fixed assets             555,081.50       720,574.87
           Depreciation expenses of right-of-use assets      533,191.90       633,925.80
           Other costs                                     4,170,342.27     2,205,455.15


           Total                                          97,168,483.37   129,150,488.83




196
                                                                                    Annual Report 2024




                                                                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                               (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.46 General and administrative expenses

         Item                                                          Year 2024           Year 2023
         Labor costs                                              740,674,457.23      593,117,367.58
         Depreciation expenses of fixed assets                    218,443,210.08      118,567,351.79
         Amortization of intangible assets                         92,551,777.81       56,273,295.99
         Depreciation expenses of right-of-use assets              60,078,575.12       61,036,702.47
         Technical support and maintenance fees                    67,248,539.31       38,069,530.44
         Expenditure on administrative costs                       22,081,288.35       22,071,276.39
         Expenses for business trips                               20,101,733.84       17,544,431.54
         Utility bills                                             16,391,670.57       16,674,107.46
         Disability Employment Guarantee Fund                      15,005,251.57       14,132,742.90
         Property management fees of office building               14,323,744.11       11,170,020.86
         Other costs                                               69,660,151.54      113,335,403.92


         Total                                                   1,336,560,399.53    1,061,992,231.34


    5.47 Research and development expenses

         Item                                                          Year 2024           Year 2023
         Labor costs                                              540,390,547.10      537,543,297.21
         Technical support fees                                   262,320,966.80      291,530,795.41
         Depreciation expenses of fixed assets                      5,237,494.76       13,256,132.44
         Amortization of intangible assets                          7,579,340.06       11,302,434.64
         Depreciation expenses of right-of-use assets               5,835,273.48        4,465,135.95
         Expenses for business trips                                1,837,813.61        3,352,697.49
         Other costs                                                1,435,329.20        1,588,159.86


         Total                                                    824,636,765.01      863,038,653.00




                                                                                                  197
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.48 Financial expenses

           Item                                                                      Year 2024               Year 2023
           Interest expenses                                                     11,482,616.50           15,194,992.81
           Including: Interest expenses of lease liabilities                      4,343,642.07            8,000,604.88
           Less: Interest income                                                199,101,553.97          158,733,781.05
           Gains or losses on foreign currency exchange                         –23,595,536.05           –9,760,290.38
           Others                                                                 1,821,103.43            1,564,912.00


           Total                                                              –209,393,370.09          –151,734,166.62


      5.49 Other income

           Item                                                                      Year 2024               Year 2023
           Government grants                                                     13,779,340.13           47,831,129.81
           Additional deduction of input tax (Note)                              –2,816,287.27           22,791,672.14
           Withholding of personal income tax fees                                1,197,736.74            2,080,099.43
           Others                                                                                             1,802.64


           Total                                                                 12,160,789.60           72,704,704.02

          Note: Due to non-compliance with the policy of adding credits and deductions, the amount of retroactive input tax
                credits and deductions totaled RMB4,221,281.54 was paid, of which, the grandson company, Beijing Yake
                Payment Technology Development Co., Ltd. is RMB4,221,043.87, and TravelSky Digital Intelligence Technology
                (Beijing) Co., Ltd. is RMB237.67.




198
                                                                                   Annual Report 2024




                                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                              (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.50 Investment income

         Item                                                         Year 2024           Year 2023
         Long-term equity investments income calculated under
           the equity method                                      43,718,133.70       25,347,126.31
         Investment income from disposal of long-term equity
           investment                                               6,745,214.44         360,983.05
         Investment income from financial assets held for
           trading during the holding period                      30,197,201.10       55,849,657.55


         Total                                                    80,660,549.24       81,557,766.91


    5.51 Gains from changes in fair value

         Source of income from changes in fair value                  Year 2024           Year 2023
         Financial assets held for trading                        13,336,095.89       –6,708,219.17
         Other non-current financial assets                       64,273,386.60       75,020,283.73


         Total                                                    77,609,482.49       68,312,064.56


    5.52 Losses from credit impairment

         Item                                                         Year 2024           Year 2023
         Bad debts of notes receivable                            –1,120,512.31        9,386,642.56
         Bad debts of accounts receivable                        115,083,912.92      294,528,984.89
         Bad debts of other receivables                                                  548,974.39


         Total                                                   113,963,400.61      304,464,601.84




                                                                                                199
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.53 Losses from assets impairment

           Item                                                      Year 2024            Year 2023
           Losses from impairment of contract assets              25,171,059.14       –1,596,085.06
           Losses from impairment of advances to suppliers           181,035.00          808,250.00


           Total                                                  25,352,094.14         –787,835.06


      5.54 Gains from disposal of assets

                                                                               Amount included in
                                                                                     non-recurring
                                                                               profit or loss in the
           Item                                      Year 2024       Year 2023      current period
           Disposal of fixed assets                                2,648,599.98
           Disposal of right-of-use assets         1,831,533.51       10,180.49        1,831,533.51


           Total                                   1,831,533.51    2,658,780.47        1,831,533.51


      5.55 Non-operating income

                                                                               Amount included in
                                                                                     non-recurring
                                                                               profit or loss in the
           Item                                      Year 2024       Year 2023      current period
           Gains from damage and scrapping
             of non-current assets                   949,770.76      213,731.69          949,770.76
           Indemnities                             4,562,498.47   18,398,055.60        4,562,498.47
           Payable not to be Paid                  7,448,867.90                        7,448,867.90
           Others                                  1,432,559.18    3,289,643.97        1,432,559.18


           Total                                 14,393,696.31    21,901,431.26       14,393,696.31




200
                                                                                     Annual Report 2024




                                                                     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.56 Non-operating expenses

                                                                                  Amount included in
                                                                                        non-recurring
                                                                                  profit or loss in the
         Item                                        Year 2024          Year 2023      current period
         Donations                               12,068,163.35       12,069,063.95       12,068,163.35
         Inventory losses                                                 6,561.54
         Losses from the damage and
           scrapping of non-current assets          751,511.57        1,126,273.81          751,511.57
         late fee                                 8,962,549.38                            8,962,549.38
         Others                                     591,866.02        1,135,403.42          591,866.02


         Total                                   22,374,090.32       14,337,302.72       22,374,090.32


    5.57 Income tax expenses
        5.57.1 List of income tax expenses


                 Item                                                   Year 2024            Year 2023
                 Current income tax expenses                       287,103,150.48       275,463,820.34
                 Deferred income tax expenses                      –21,140,462.49      –111,203,721.70


                 Total                                             265,962,687.99       164,260,098.64




                                                                                                    201
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.57 Income tax expenses (Continued)
          5.57.2 Adjustment process of accounting profits and income tax expenses


                  Item                                                                          Year 2024
                  Total profits                                                           2,394,526,246.27
                  Income tax expenses calculated at statutory [or applicable] tax rate      359,178,936.94
                  Effect of different tax rates applicable to subsidiaries                    8,189,761.00
                  Influence of adjustments to the income tax for the prior years              1,776,973.72
                  Influence of non-taxable income                                           –20,024,229.20
                  Influence of non-deductible costs, expenses and losses                     47,089,789.98
                  Influence of using the deductible losses related to deferred tax
                    assets unrecognized in previous periods                                   –748,816.92
                  Influence of unrecognized deferred tax assets and deductible
                    temporary differences or losses in current period                          396,540.00
                  Additional deduction for research and development expenses               –38,410,039.41
                  Impact of tax refunds for key software companies                         –91,486,228.12
                  Income tax expenses                                                      265,962,687.99


      5.58 Earnings per share
          Basic earnings per share
          Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the consolidated net profit attributable to the
          ordinary shareholders of the Company by the weighted average of the Company’s ordinary shares:

           Item                                                              Year 2024          Year 2023
           Consolidated net profit attributable to the common
             stockholder of the Company                               2,074,272,594.78    1,398,952,067.33
           Weighted average of the Company’s outstanding
             common stock                                             2,926,209,589.00    2,926,209,589.00
           Basic earnings per share                                               0.71                0.48
           Including: Basic earnings per share from
                        continuing operations                                      0.71               0.48
                      Basic earnings per share from discontinued
                        operations


          As at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company has no potential dilutive ordinary
          shares.




202
                                                                                                Annual Report 2024




                                                                             NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                    (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.59 Supplementary information to the income statement with expenses classified
         by nature
        Operating costs, selling and distribution expenses, general and administrative expenses, research
        and development expenses, and financial expenses in income statement are classified by nature
        and listed as below:

         Item                                                                    Year 2024               Year 2023
         Labor costs                                                     2,489,731,900.37        2,063,687,210.11
         Depreciation and amortization expenses                          1,242,701,146.84        1,008,742,210.45
         Integrated business cost of sales (Note 1)                        910,165,471.31          348,292,817.08
         Technical support and maintenance fees                            776,810,258.53          711,041,088.76
         Departure and distribution support costs (Note 2)                 566,470,303.92          641,806,997.31
         Internet usage fees                                                89,630,825.35           80,994,998.55
         Other operating costs                                             492,744,961.87          516,134,959.09
         Financial expenses                                               –209,393,370.09         –151,734,166.62


         Total                                                           6,358,861,498.10        5,218,966,114.73

        Note 1:    Cost of sales of integration business was disclosed as ‘Costs of sales of software and hardware’ in
                   previous years;


        Note 2:    Departure and distribution support costs were disclosed as ‘Commission and promotion expenses’ in
                   previous years, and the cost of payment operations therein was classified as other operating costs.


    5.60 Items of statement of cash flows
        5.60.1 Cash relating to operating activities
            （1） Other cash receipts relating to operating activities


                    Item                                                          Year 2024               Year 2023
                    Government grants received                                 7,474,222.48           16,479,304.44
                    Interest income received from bank deposits              127,649,475.35          102,068,354.70
                    Guarantee funds and quality guarantee deposits
                       received                                               24,044,849.02           27,807,109.43
                    Current accounts received                             30,372,181,092.17       22,485,198,116.80
                    Other non-operating income received                          647,360.94            2,383,677.04
                    Collections and payments received                        130,508,582.77          149,284,767.47
                    Others                                               115,853,591,005.30      116,938,577,380.18


                    Total                                                146,516,096,588.03      139,721,798,710.06




                                                                                                                 203
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.60 Items of statement of cash flows (Continued)
          5.60.1 Cash relating to operating activities (Continued)
              （2） Other cash payments relating to operating activities


                      Item                                                   Year 2024            Year 2023
                      General and administrative expenses paid           172,039,575.62        59,515,916.47
                      Selling and distribution expenses paid              41,548,783.06        51,965,920.14
                      Research and development expenses paid             454,733,473.05       227,597,345.83
                      Bank charges paid                                    1,471,630.09         1,492,790.73
                      Non-operating expenses paid                          1,741,277.03           168,254.12
                      Security deposit paid                               13,103,735.38        15,711,738.10
                      Current accounts between entities paid          29,858,368,550.88    23,189,773,771.01
                      Others                                         116,315,849,758.33   117,859,361,935.10


                      Total                                          146,858,856,783.44   141,405,587,671.50


          5.60.2 Cash relating to investing activities
              （1） Other cash receipts relating to investing activities

                      Item                                                  Year 2024            Year 2023
                      Recovery of fixed asset purchases                      37,250.00


                      Total                                                  37,250.00


              （2） Other cash payments relating to investing activities

                      Item                                                  Year 2024            Year 2023
                      Net decrease in cash from disposal of
                       subsidiaries                                        442,553.74


                      Total                                                442,553.74




204
                                                                                                                Annual Report 2024




                                                                                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                          (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.60 Items of statement of cash flows (Continued)
        5.60.3 Cash flows from financing activities
            （1） Other cash payments relating to financing activities


                    Item                                                                       Year 2024                    Year 2023
                    Lease liabilities paid                                                117,935,186.71            106,578,028.17
                    External donations (Note)                                              12,000,000.00             12,000,000.00


                    Total                                                                 129,935,186.71            118,578,028.17

                   Note: External donations represent funds are for poverty alleviation


            （2） Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities

                                               As at        Increase in 2024                Decrease in 2024                         As at
                                        December 31,                        Non-cash                        Non-cash          December 31,
                    Item                       2023 Cash movements        movements Cash movements        movements                  2024
                    Short-term
                       borrowings       751,589,902.50 3,188,535,390.22   29,500,794.31 2,766,325,494.61                    1,203,300,592.42
                    Long-term
                       borrowings       200,213,888.89                     7,330,555.55       7,116,666.66     213,888.89    200,213,888.89
                    Lease liabilities   160,004,622.29                     8,684,887.79     117,935,186.71   1,136,646.58     49,617,676.79




                                                                                                                                      205
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.61 Supplementary information to the statement of cash flow
          5.61.1 Supplementary information to the statement of cash flows

           Supplementary information                                        Year 2024          Year 2023
           1. Net profit adjusted to cash flows from operating
                activities
              Net profit                                             2,128,563,558.28    1,447,875,971.33
              Plus: Losses from credit impairment                      113,963,400.61      304,464,601.84
                     Provisions for impairment of assets                25,352,094.14         –787,835.06
                     Depreciation expenses of fixed assets             596,916,040.67      499,765,226.23
                     Depletion of oil and gas assets
                     Amortization of right-of-use assets              106,837,565.92      107,778,675.96
                     Amortization of intangible assets                531,815,887.99      399,104,546.81
                     Amortization of long-term deferred expenses        5,469,142.51        2,175,513.14
                     Losses from disposal of fixed assets,
                       intangible assets and other long-term
                       assets (“–” for gains)                          –1,831,533.51       –2,658,780.47
                     Losses from scrapping of fixed assets
                       (“–” for gains)                                   –198,259.19          912,542.12
                     Losses from changes in fair value (“–” for
                       gains)                                         –77,609,482.49      –68,312,064.56
                     Financial expenses (“–” for gains)                 4,030,876.25       15,194,992.81
                     Investment losses (“–” for gains)                –80,660,549.24      –81,557,766.91
                     Decreases in deferred tax assets (“–” for
                       increases)                                     –30,550,695.01     –124,145,644.50
                     Increases in deferred tax liabilities
                       (“–” for decreases)                               9,489,457.72       9,678,203.64
                     Decreases in inventories (“–” for increases)        4,254,486.03      –4,429,082.65
                     Decreases in operating receivables
                       (“–” for increases)                           –668,353,463.35    –1,546,168,838.10
                     Increases in operating payables (“–” for
                       decreases)                                    –141,543,604.79     –821,462,945.37
                     Others
              Net cash flow from operating activities                2,525,944,922.54     137,427,316.26
           2. Significant investing and financing activities
                not involving cash receipts and payments
              Debt transferred into capital
              Convertible corporate bonds maturing within one
                year
              Acquisition of right-of-use assets by assumption of
                lease liabilities
           3. Net change in cash and cash equivalents
              Ending balance of cash                                10,507,711,480.03    7,276,531,274.65
              Less: Beginning balance of cash                        7,276,531,274.65    7,475,848,342.25
              Plus: Ending balance of cash equivalents
              Less: Beginning balance of cash equivalents
              Net increase in cash and cash equivalents              3,231,180,205.38    –199,317,067.60



206
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024




                                                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                      (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.61 Supplementary information to the statement of cash flow (Continued)
        5.61.2 Net cash received for disposal of subsidiaries during the period


              Item                                                                                               Amount
              Cash or cash equivalents received in the period from disposal of
                subsidiaries during the period
              Including：Yunnan Civil Aviation Cares Information Co., Ltd.
              Less: Cash and cash equivalents held by companies at the date of loss
                      of control                                                                             442,553.74
              Including：Yunnan Civil Aviation Cares Information Co., Ltd.                                    442,553.74
              Net cash received for disposal of subsidiaries                                                –442,553.74


             Note: Presented in other cash paid related to investing activities as the net amount is negative.


        5.61.3 Breakdowns of cash and cash equivalents


                                                                                       As at                    As at
                                                                                December 31,             December 31,
              Item                                                                     2024                     2023
              I. Cash                                                       10,507,711,480.03         7,276,531,274.65
                  Including: Cash on hand                                           10,958.18                16,950.85
                             Unrestricted digital currency                       2,931,986.43             1,321,820.12
                             Unrestricted bank deposit                      10,502,384,389.29         7,274,343,086.82
                             Unrestricted other monetary asset                   2,384,146.13               849,416.86
              II. Cash equivalents
                  Including: Bond investments maturing within
                               three months
              III. Ending balance of cash and cash equivalents              10,507,711,480.03         7,276,531,274.65
                   Including: Cash and cash equivalents with
                                restricted use right by parent
                                company or subsidiaries of the
                                Group




                                                                                                                    207
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.61 Supplementary information to the statement of cash flow (Continued)
          5.61.3 Breakdowns of cash and cash equivalents (Continued)
               Restricted use but still presented as cash and cash equivalents:

                                                          As at               As at     Reasons for cash
                                                   December 31,        December 31,     and cash
                 Item                                     2024                2023      equivalents
                 People’s Bank of China         1,449,123,533.46     1,189,599,430.29   Ready to be used
                   customer provisions                                                    for the
                                                                                          settlement of
                                                                                          daily
                                                                                          operations of
                                                                                          the payer


                 Total                          1,449,123,533.46     1,189,599,430.29


               Monetary funds not classified as cash and cash equivalents：

                                                          As at               As at     Reasons for not
                                                   December 31,        December 31,     being cash and
                 Item                                     2024                2023      cash equivalents
                 Performance bond                  28,590,768.45        74,205,505.08   Restricted and
                                                                                          unable to use
                 Time deposits or call                                   5,536,605.29   Restricted and
                   deposits for security                                                  unable to use
                   purposes
                 Property preservation             10,775,011.90        10,775,011.90   Restricted and
                                                                                          unable to use
                 Letter of Credit Deposit           1,400,000.00                        Restricted and
                                                                                          unable to use
                 Payment Gateway Margin               506,936.29           506,056.45   Restricted and
                                                                                          unable to use
                 Others                                   2,300.00                      Restricted and
                                                                                          unable to use


                 Total                             41,275,016.64        91,023,178.72




208
                                                                                       Annual Report 2024




                                                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.62 Foreign currency monetary items

                                                Foreign currency                       Converted RMB
                                                  balance at end                    balance at the end
         Item                                           of period     Exchange rate      of the period
         Cash and bank balances                                                          248,459,957.18
         Including：USD                             28,698,067.42             7.1884      206,293,187.84
                   EUR                              3,652,441.33             7.5257       27,487,177.72
                   HKD                             13,021,603.34             0.9260       12,058,004.69
                   Other foreign
                     currencies                    32,306,226.98                           2,621,586.93


         Accounts receivable                                                             358,069,345.76
         Including：USD                             22,692,368.52             7.1884      163,121,821.87
                   EUR                              3,442,901.19             7.5257       25,910,241.49
                   HKD                            167,603,700.90             0.9260      155,201,027.03
                   Other foreign
                     currencies                    51,165,130.35                          13,836,255.37


    5.63 Lease
        5.63.1 The company as the lessee


                Item                                                      Year 2024           Year 2023
                Interest expense arising from lease liabilities         4,343,642.07        8,000,604.88
                Short-term lease expenses that are simplified
                  treated to the cost of related assets or current
                  profits and losses                                     452,217.60         1,468,040.00
                Lease expenses for low value assets that are
                  simplified treated to the cost of related assets
                  or current profits and losses (exclude short-
                  term lease for low value assets)                                           452,217.60
                Cash outflows in relation to lease                   118,657,778.18      108,552,520.17


             The Company’s potential future cash outflows that are not included in the measurement of
             lease liabilities arise primarily from leases that have been committed to by lessees but have
             not yet commenced.




                                                                                                     209
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.63 Lease (Continued)
          5.63.1 The company as the lessee (Continued)
               The Company’s anticipated cash outflows from leases in future years, committed but not
               commenced, are as follows:

                                                                                           Undiscounted
                 Remaining lease term                                                    lease payments
                 Within 1 year                                                              40,364,328.38
                 1–2 years                                                                   7,487,584.82
                 2–3 years                                                                     337,938.48
                 Over 3 years                                                                1,106,118.58


                 Total                                                                      49,295,970.26


          5.63.2 The company as the lessor
               Operating lease


                                                                          Year 2024            Year 2023
                 Income from operating leases                          34,770,862.07        47,227,504.63
                 Of which: Income relating to variable lease
                             payments not included in lease
                             income


               Undiscounted lease receipts to be received after the balance sheet date are as follows:

                 Remaining lease term                                     Year 2024            Year 2023
                 Within 1 year                                         30,347,387.07        42,147,897.65
                 1–2 years                                             30,698,599.11        41,158,947.34
                 2–3 years                                             29,411,636.97        38,175,517.49
                 3–4 years                                             29,123,154.99        37,905,281.70
                 4–5 years                                             16,866,430.86        56,297,531.61
                 Over 5 years                                          11,168,185.51         1,713,747.37


                 Total                                                147,615,394.51       217,398,923.16




210
                                                                                       Annual Report 2024




                                                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.64 Data resources
        5.64.1 Sata resources assessment
             None.

        5.64.2 Other data resources information
             None.


6   RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT EXPENDITURES
    6.1 Research & development expenditures

         Item                                                             Year 2024           Year 2023
         Labor costs                                                 566,268,446.58      785,452,503.43
         Technical support and fees                                  282,666,542.92      472,431,974.86
         Depreciation expenses of fixed assets                         5,246,166.59       13,256,132.44
         Amortization of intangible assets                             7,580,442.99       11,302,434.64
         Amortization of right-of-use assets                           5,835,273.48        4,465,135.95
         Travelling expenses                                           1,837,813.61          320,053.49
         Other costs                                                   1,445,178.91        7,884,510.85


         Total                                                       870,879,865.08     1,295,112,745.66


         Of which: Expensed research & development
                     expenditures                                    824,636,765.01      863,038,653.00
                   Capitalised research & development
                     expenditures                                     46,243,100.07      432,074,092.66




                                                                                                     211
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


6     RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT EXPENDITURES (CONTINUED)
      6.2 Development expenditures

                                                     Increase in 2024               Decrease in 2024
                                        As at       Internal                 Recognized as                        As at
                                 December 31,   development                   an intangible                December 31,
           Item                         2023    expenditures          Others          asset         Others        2024
           Item 1                 1,213,519.67 27,920,199.12                                              29,133,718.79
           Item 2                               6,063,658.75                  6,063,658.75
           Item 3                 6,952,135.01                                6,952,135.01
           Item 4                 8,994,749.83                                8,994,749.83
           Item 5                 4,409,677.50 6,786,825.87                                               11,196,503.37
           Item 6                 3,989,133.95    977,093.12                                               4,966,227.07
           Item 7                               1,794,966.47                                               1,794,966.47
           Item 8                               1,732,509.52                                               1,732,509.52
           Item 9                                 967,847.22                                                 967,847.22


           Subtotal              25,559,215.96 46,243,100.07                22,010,543.59                 49,791,772.44
           Less：Provisions for
             impairment


           Total                 25,559,215.96 46,243,100.07                22,010,543.59                 49,791,772.44




212
                                                                                              Annual Report 2024




                                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                    (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


6   RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT EXPENDITURES (CONTINUED)
    6.2 Development expenditures (Continued)
        The situation of important capitalized research & development projects


                                                                             The point at     The specific basis for
                                                         How economic        which the        determining the point
                  End-of-period     Estimated completion benefits are        capitalization   at which capitalization
        Item      R&D progress      time                 expected to arise   begins           begins
         Item 1   R&D progress is   December 2025        Reduce              September 2023   Start capitalisation
                    approximately                          management                            with company
                    51%                                    and operating                         project approval
                                                           costs
         Item 5   Currently, the    December 2025        Formation of        January 2023     Start capitalisation
                    company is                             corresponding                         with company
                    still in the                           products and                          project approval
                    process of                             subsequent
                    research and                           introduction
                    development                            into the market
         Item 6   R&D progress is   May 2025             Formation of        January 2023     Start capitalisation
                    about 95%                              corresponding                         with company
                                                           products,                             project approval
                                                           subsequent
                                                           market entry
         Item 7   R&D progress is   January 2025         Formation of        January 2024     Start capitalisation
                    about 85%                              corresponding                         with company
                                                           products,                             project approval
                                                           subsequent
                                                           market entry
         Item 8   R&D progress is   February 2025        Formation of        January 2024     Start capitalisation
                    about 80%                              corresponding                         with company
                                                           products,                             project approval
                                                           subsequent
                                                           market entry
         Item 9   R&D progress is   December 2027        Formation of        October 2024     Start capitalisation
                    approximately                          corresponding                         with company
                    30.82%.                                products,                             project approval
                                                           subsequent
                                                           market entry




                                                                                                                 213
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


7     CHANGE OF THE CONSOLIDATION SCOPE
      7.1 Disposal of subsidiaries
          Transactions or events during the period in which control of subsidiaries was lost

                                                                                                                                               Difference
                                                                                                                                             between the
                                                                                                                                           disposal price                                                                      Method of         Amount of other
                                                                                                                                         and the share of                                                                      determining the comprehensive
                                                                                                                                         net assets of the                                                                     fair value of the income related
                                                                                                                                         subsidiary at the                 Carrying value of Fair value of the                 remaining equity         to equity
                                                                                                                                              level of the                   the remaining remaining equity                    interest at the    investments in
                                                                                                                                             consolidated                  equity interest at interest at the                  level of the               atomic
                                                                                                                                                 financial                  the level of the      level of the Gains or losses consolidated           companies
                                                                                                                                              statements                       consolidated      consolidated arising from the financial           transferred to
                                                       Proportion of                                                                       corresponding     Percentage of          financial        financial remeasurement statements at the        investment
                                   Disposal price at    disposals at                                                                      to the disposal remaining equity statements at statements at of the remaining date of loss of             gains/losses/
                                    point of loss of point of loss of Disposal at the point Point of loss of Basis for determining                 of the at date of loss of the date of loss the date of loss equity interest at control and key        retained
           Name of Subsidiary                control     control (%) of loss of control     control          the point of loss of control     investment            control        of control       of control         fair value assumptions           earnings

           Yunnan Civil Aviation     61,435,724.75           100.00 equity                  2024/3/1          Completion of                  7,672,908.84
              Cares Information                                        contribution                              shareholding delivery
              Co., Ltd.                                                                                          and completion of
                                                                                                                 registration
                                                                                                                 procedures for
                                                                                                                 business changes in
                                                                                                                 shareholdings.



          Pursuant to the relevant agreement of the ‘Agreement on Capital Increase of Yunnan Airtel Airport
          Network Company Limited’ signed between the Company and Yunnan Airport Group Company
          Limited, the Company made a capital increase in Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network Co. Ltd.
          (hereinafter referred to as ‘Yunnan Airport’) with 100% equity interest in Yunnan Civil Aviation
          Cares Information Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as ‘Yunnan Cares’). On 1 March 2024, the
          Company and Yunnan Airport completed the transfer of equity interests and the registration of
          industrial and commercial changes in equity interests, and the Company no longer exercises
          control over Yunnan Cares.

      7.2 Changes in the scope of consolidation for other reasons
          The subsidiaries of TravelSky Technology Europe GmbH have been deregistered in the current
          period.




214
                                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024




                                                                                                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                                       (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


8   EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES
    8.1 Equity in the subsidiaries Equity in joint venture arrangements or associates
        8.1.1 Structure of the enterprise group


                                        Principal place of
                                        business
                                        operation and                               Registered                                      Shareholding ratio (%) Way of
              Name of subsidiary        registration       Business type               capital   Nature of Business                   Directly Indirectly acquisition
              Chongqing Civil           Chongqing,        Limited liability           1,480.00   Provision of electronic travel         51.00              Investment
                 Aviation Cares            China             company                                distribution, airport
                 Information                                 (state-owned                           passenger processing and
                 Technology Co., Ltd.                        holding)                               cargo management services;
                                                                                                    and sales and installation of
                                                                                                    related information systems
              Hunan TravelSky           Changsha,         Limited liability           3,000.00   Planning and construction,           100.00               Investment
                Technology Limited         China             company (sole                          operation management,
                                                             proprietorship                         technical support, product
                                                             invested or                            development and
                                                             controlled by a                        e-commerce of computer
                                                             non-natural                            reservation, departure and
                                                             person)                                freight transportation and
                                                                                                    other application systems
              Xi’an Civil Aviation      Xi’an, China      Limited liability           1,500.00   Computer software and                  51.00              Investment
                  Cares Technology                           company                                hardware development and
                  Co., Ltd.                                                                         data network services
              Hubei Civil Aviation      Wuhan, China      Other limited liability     1,500.00   Provision of electronic travel         62.50      7.68    Investment
                  Cares Co., Ltd.                            companies                              distribution, airport
                                                                                                    passenger processing and
                                                                                                    cargo management services;
                                                                                                    and sales and installation of
                                                                                                    related information systems
              Civil Aviation Cares      Urumqi,           Limited liability           1,000.00   Computer software and                  51.00              Investment
                  Technology of            China             company                                hardware development and
                  Xinjiang Co., Ltd.                         (state-owned                           data network services
                                                             holding)
              Shenzhen Civil Aviation   Shenzhen,         limited liability           6,100.00   Provision of e-tourism                 61.47              Investment
                 Cares Co., Ltd.           China             company                                distribution and freight
                                                                                                    management services; and
                                                                                                    the sale and installation of
                                                                                                    relevant information
                                                                                                    systems
              Shanghai TravelSky        Shanghai,         Limited liability            400.00    Computer software and                100.00               Investment
                 Technology Limited        China             company (sole                          hardware development and
                                                             proprietorship                         data network services
                                                             invested or
                                                             controlled by a
                                                             non-natural
                                                             person)
              Xiamen Civil Aviation     Xiamen, China     other limited liability     2,000.00   Computer software and                  51.00              Investment
                 Cares Co., Ltd.                             companies                             hardware development and
                                                                                                   data network services
              Qingdao Civil Aviation    Qingdao,          other limited liability     5,000.00   Computer software and                  51.00              Investment
                 Cares Co., Ltd.           China             companies                             hardware development and
                                                                                                   data network services




                                                                                                                                                                  215
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


8     EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
      8.1 Equity in the subsidiaries Equity in joint venture arrangements or associates
          (Continued)
          8.1.1 Structure of the enterprise group (Continued)


                                            Principal place of
                                            business
                                            operation and                              Registered                                      Shareholding ratio (%) Way of
                 Name of subsidiary         registration       Business type              capital   Nature of Business                   Directly Indirectly acquisition
                 Guangzhou TravelSky        Guangzhou,        Limited liability        40,000.00    Computer software and                100.00               Investment
                    Technology Limited         China             company (sole                         hardware development and
                                                                 proprietorship)                       data network services
                 Accounting Centre of       Beijing, China    Limited liability        75,978.52    Settlement, liquidation services     100.00               Investment
                    China Aviation          Tianjin, China       company (sole                         and related information
                    Company Limited                              proprietorship)                       system development and
                                                                                                       support services
                 Beijing Yake               Beijing, China    Limited liability        15,612.16    Technology promotion service,        100.00               Investment
                    Technology                                   company (sole                         computer software
                    Development Co.,                             proprietorship)                       technology development,
                    Ltd.                                                                               computer system
                                                                                                       engineering design and
                                                                                                       installation
                 Antu Jinxin Commercial     Beijing, China    Limited liability        13,000.00    Provision of trade financing in      100.00               Investment
                    Factoring Co., Ltd.     Tianjin, China       company (sole                         the form of transferring
                                                                 proprietorship)                       accounts receivable; receipt,
                                                                                                       payment, settlement,
                                                                                                       management and collection
                                                                                                       of accounts receivable;
                                                                                                       management of sales
                                                                                                       sub-account (ledger);
                                                                                                       customer credit investigation
                                                                                                       and evaluation; related
                                                                                                       consulting services; other
                                                                                                       businesses permitted by
                                                                                                       laws and regulations.
                 Infosky Information        Beijing, China    Limited liability        $2,548.00    Provision of freight                   94.62      5.38    Investment
                     Technology Co., Ltd.                        company                               management services and
                                                                 (Sino-foreign joint                   related software and
                                                                 venture)                              technology development;
                                                                                                       provision of technical
                                                                                                       support, training and
                                                                                                       information services
                 TravelSky Cares            Beijing, China    Limited liability          1,000.00   Real estate development and          100.00               Investment
                    (Beijing) Real Estate                        company (sole                         sales, self-developed
                    Co., Ltd.                                    proprietorship)                       commercial housing
                                                                                                       contracting, labor service
                                                                                                       subcontracting and
                                                                                                       investment management
                 Beijing TravelSky Travel   Beijing, China    Limited liability          7,200.00   Domestic travel business and         100.00               Investment
                    Agency Co., Ltd.                             company (sole                         inbound travel business
                                                                 proprietorship)




216
                                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024




                                                                                                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                                       (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


8   EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
    8.1 Equity in the subsidiaries Equity in joint venture arrangements or associates
        (Continued)
        8.1.1 Structure of the enterprise group (Continued)


                                        Principal place of
                                        business
                                        operation and                               Registered                                      Shareholding ratio (%) Way of
              Name of subsidiary        registration       Business type               capital   Nature of Business                   Directly Indirectly acquisition
              Travelsky Yunzhi          Beijing, China    Limited liability           5,000.00   Computer system services, data       100.00               Investment
                 Technology (Beijing)                        company (sole                         processing, computer and
                 Co., Ltd.                                   proprietorship)                       communication equipment
                                                                                                   leasing, technical services
                                                                                                   and technical consulting
              Inner Mongolia            Hohhot, China     Limited liability            500.00    Computer and auxiliary               100.00               Investment
                 TravelSky                                   company (sole                         equipment, sales, leasing,
                 Technology Limited                          proprietorship                        maintenance and technical
                                                             invested or                           consulting; computer system
                                                             controlled by a                       services and tourist
                                                             non-natural                           information consulting
                                                             person)
              Zhejiang TravelSky        Hangzhou,         Limited liability           3,734.73   Contracting of computer                51.00              Business
                 Technology Limited       China              company                                software and hardware                                     combination
                                                             (foreign-invested                      engineering, airport air                                  under
                                                             enterprise and                         traffic control engineering                               common
                                                             domestic-funded                        and building weak current                                 control
                                                             joint venture)                         system engineering, and
                                                                                                    computer software and
                                                                                                    hardware, sales,
                                                                                                    maintenance, leasing and
                                                                                                    technical consulting services
              Henan TravelSky           Zhengzhou,        Limited liability           1,000.00   Contracting of computer              100.00               Investment
                Technology Limited         China             company (sole                          software and hardware
                                                             proprietorship                         engineering projects;
                                                             invested or                            technical consultation and
                                                             controlled by a                        service; system integration
                                                             non-natural
                                                             person)
              Beijing TravelSky         Beijing, China    Limited liability           5,001.00   Technology development,              100.00               Investment
                 Technology Limited                          company (sole                          technology services, and
                                                             proprietorship)                        technology transfer; sales of
                                                                                                    computers, software and
                                                                                                    auxiliary equipment
              Guangzhou Skyecho         Guangzhou,        other limited liability      200.00    Software and information               51.00              Business
                 Information               China             companies                              technology services                                       combination
                 Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                         not under
                                                                                                                                                              common
                                                                                                                                                              control
              TravelSky Digital         Beijing, China    Limited liability           5,000.00   Technology development,              100.00               Investment
                 Intelligence                                company (sole                          technology consulting,
                 Technology (Beijing)                        proprietorship)                        technology services,
                 Co., Ltd.                                                                          technology transfer,
                                                                                                    technology promotion and
                                                                                                    software development




                                                                                                                                                                  217
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


8     EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
      8.1 Equity in the subsidiaries Equity in joint venture arrangements or associates
          (Continued)
          8.1.1 Structure of the enterprise group (Continued)

                                        Principal place of                                                                       Shareholding ratio (%)
                                        business
                                        operation and                               Registered                                                            Way of
                 Name of subsidiary     registration       Business type               capital   Nature of Business               Directly Indirectly     acquisition
                 China TravelSky        Hong Kong,        Sole proprietorship      HK$1,236.00   Commercial services                100.00                Investment
                    International         China
                    Limited
                 TravelSky Technology   Singapore         Sole proprietorship       S$7,158.08   Hardware consulting and            100.00                Investment
                    (Singapore) Pte.                                                                system consulting
                    Ltd.
                 OpenJaw Technologies   Dublin,           Sole proprietorship           €25.21   Technology service and             100.00                Business
                    Limited               Ireland                                                   technology support                                       combination
                                                                                                                                                             not under
                                                                                                                                                             common
                                                                                                                                                             control


          8.1.2 Major non-wholly-owned subsidiaries


                                                                                                                            Dividends
                                                                                           Profit or loss              declared to be
                                                                 Shareholding             attributable to               distributed to      Balance of
                                                             ratio of minority                   minority                     minority minority interest
                                                                 shareholders            shareholders in              shareholders in as at December
                 Name of subsidiary                                       (%)                       2024                         2024          31, 2024
                 Shenzhen Civil Aviation Cares
                    Co., Ltd.                                                   38.53            526,430.63                3,174,872.00        153,949,563.25
                 Xiamen Civil Aviation Cares Co.,
                    Ltd.                                                        49.00        10,751,369.27                                     111,858,025.30
                 Qingdao Civil Aviation Cares
                    Co., Ltd.                                                   49.00        10,217,451.45                  980,000.00           72,195,559.17




218
                                                                                                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024




                                                                                                                                                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


8   EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
    8.1 Equity in the subsidiaries Equity in joint venture arrangements or associates
        (Continued)
        8.1.3 Key financial information of major non-wholly-owned subsidiaries

                                                                            As at December 31, 2024                                                                                 As at December 31, 2023
                                                          Non-current                          Current        Non-current                                        Non-current                            Current     Non-current
              Name of subsidiaries     Current assets          assets     Total assets       liabilities        liabilities Total liabilities Current assets          assets       Total assets       liabilities     liabilities Total liabilities
              Shenzhen Civil
                  Aviation Cares
                  Co., Ltd.            390,709,306.07    45,835,790.88 436,545,096.95     36,923,051.59          56,097.32   36,979,148.91    421,765,013.34     47,885,025.10   469,650,038.44     63,056,465.15     153,941.28       63,210,406.43
              Xiamen Civil Aviation
                  Cares Co., Ltd.      209,008,180.22    55,196,357.14 264,204,537.36     35,890,878.78          31,974.29   35,922,853.07    206,814,797.55     60,326,741.31   267,141,538.86     60,679,143.47     122,281.04       60,801,424.51
              Qingdao Civil Aviation
                  Cares Co., Ltd.      451,327,863.08    15,258,999.82 466,586,862.90 313,726,242.29          5,522,744.75 319,248,987.04     274,417,265.72     22,467,445.07   296,884,710.79    155,453,284.61   12,945,492.05     168,398,776.66



                                                                                            Year 2024                                                                                         Year 2023
                                                                                                              Total           Cash flow from                                                                    Total          Cash flow from
                                                             Operating                                comprehensive                operating                   Operating                                comprehensive               operating
              Name of subsidiaries                             income               Net profit              income                  activities                   income               Net profit              income                 activities
              Shenzhen Civil Aviation
                  Cares Co., Ltd.                       125,643,977.31          1,366,316.03                1,366,316.03        20,058,366.47           151,279,096.49           27,454,736.42            27,454,736.42              2,878,238.51
              Xiamen Civil Aviation Cares
                  Co., Ltd.                             100,604,993.29         21,941,569.94               21,941,569.94            454,943.87          106,708,900.22           17,869,781.69            17,869,781.69              3,465,108.08
              Qingdao Civil Aviation Cares
                  Co., Ltd.                             444,423,257.57         20,851,941.73               20,851,941.73        68,234,010.08           196,836,849.33           18,829,387.12            18,829,387.12             –7,388,801.01



    8.2 Equity in joint venture arrangements or associates
        8.2.1 Major joint ventures or associates

                                                                                                                                                                                                   Accounting
                                                                                                                                                                                                   treatment
                                                                                                                                                                                                   method of the
                                                                                                                                                                                                   investments                Whether
                                                                        Principal place of                                                                 Shareholding ratio                      in joint                   Strategic for
              Name of joint ventures or                                 business and                                                                               (%)                             ventures or                Company’s
              associates                                                registration place                    Business Nature                              Directly Indirectly                     associates                 activities
              Shanghai Civil Aviation East                              Shanghai, China                       Information System                                41.00                              Equity                     Yes
                China Cares System                                                                               Integration Services                                                                method
                Integration Co., Ltd.
              Shenyang Civil Aviation                                   Shenyang, China                       Information System                                46.00                              Equity                     Yes
                Northeast Cares Co., Ltd.                                                                        Integration Services                                                                method
              Heilongjiang TravelSky                                    Harbin, China                         Information System                                50.00                              Equity                     Yes
                Airport Network Co., Ltd.                                                                        Integration Services                                                                method
              Dalian TravelSky Airport                                  Dalian, China                         Information System                                50.00                              Equity                     Yes
                Network Co., Ltd.                                                                                Integration Services                                                                method
              TravelSky Mobile Technology                               Beijing, China                        Technology                                        20.66                              Equity                     Yes
                Co., Ltd.                                                                                        Development;                                                                        method
                                                                                                                 Promotion
              Yunnan TravelSky Airport                                  Kunming, China                        Internet information                              50.00                              Equity                     Yes
                Network Co., Ltd.                                                                                service                                                                             method




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          219
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


8     EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
      8.2 Equity in joint venture arrangements or associates (Continued)
          8.2.2 Principal financial information of major joint ventures


                                                                 As at December 31, 2024/Year 2024           As at December 31, 2023/Year 2023
                                                               Yunnan       Heilongjiang                        Heilongjiang
                                                            TravelSky         TravelSky Dalian TravelSky           TravelSky Dalian TravelSky
                                                      Airport Network Airport Network Airport Network       Airport Network   Airport Network
                                                              Co., Ltd.         Co., Ltd.            LLC            Co., Ltd.             LLC
                 Current assets                         230,822,508.49    60,066,876.57     51,777,467.84      60,775,824.81      58,052,578.91
                 Including: cash and cash
                              equivalents                 6,115,230.70    35,160,785.27     27,055,973.69      13,057,833.71      32,498,920.25
                 Non-current assets                      46,715,585.98     1,984,973.09      7,903,694.07       1,069,669.51       9,993,681.71
                 Total assets                           277,538,094.47    62,051,849.66     59,681,161.91      61,845,494.32      68,046,260.62

                 Current liabilities                     44,417,835.64     9,176,937.79      6,950,052.55      16,247,343.64      10,735,898.13
                 Non-current liabilities                    995,076.33       168,050.94                           144,274.70
                 Total liabilities                       45,412,911.97     9,344,988.73      6,950,052.55      16,391,618.34      10,735,898.13

                 Minority shareholders’ equity
                 Equity attributable to the
                    shareholders of the parent
                    company                             232,125,182.50    52,706,860.93     52,731,109.36      45,453,875.98      57,310,362.49

                 Net asset shares calculated
                    according to the shareholding
                    ratios                               92,850,073.00    26,353,430.47     26,365,554.68      22,726,937.99      28,655,181.25
                 Adjustment matters                      24,150,353.96
                 — Goodwill
                 — Unrealized profit from internal
                       trading
                 — Others                                24,150,353.96
                 Book value of the equity
                    investment in joint ventures        117,000,426.96    26,353,430.47     26,365,554.68      22,726,937.99      28,655,181.25
                 Fair value of investments in
                    interests in joint ventures for
                    which publicly quoted prices
                    exist

                 Operating income                        91,218,869.64    30,073,486.94     35,535,805.89      33,865,505.40      32,276,385.62
                 Financial expenses                        –782,090.65      –139,557.19        –74,210.42        –138,948.43         –62,204.88
                 Income tax expenses                      2,104,180.48     3,251,157.54      1,781,728.31       1,681,331.96       1,683,097.13
                 Net profit                              13,484,800.95     9,252,984.95      5,420,746.87       4,523,022.32       4,831,584.55
                 Net profit from discontinued
                    operations
                 Other comprehensive income
                 Total comprehensive income              13,484,800.95     9,252,984.95      5,420,746.87       4,523,022.32       4,831,584.55

                 Dividends received from joint
                    ventures in the current
                    period                                                 1,000,000.00      5,000,000.00       2,250,000.00




220
                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024




                                                                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                               (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


8   EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
    8.2 Equity in joint venture arrangements or associates (Continued)
        8.2.3 Key financial information of major associates

                                                   As at December 31, 2024/Year 2024                     As at December 31, 2023/Year 2023
                                           Shanghai Civil                                       Shanghai Civil
                                            Aviation East                                        Aviation East
                                             China Cares    Shenyang Civil        TravelSky      China Cares      Shenyang Civil
                                                  System          Aviation            Mobile           System           Aviation TravelSky Mobile
                                              Integration Northeast Cares        Technology        Integration Northeast Cares          Technology
                                                 Co., Ltd.        Co., Ltd.          Co.,Ltd.         Co., Ltd.        Co., Ltd.           Co.,Ltd.
              Current assets               370,415,444.57   282,851,860.69    548,088,649.57    443,403,818.35    266,424,076.81     323,567,537.70
              Non-current assets           192,236,075.04   106,475,858.88     26,325,241.44    204,683,117.19    110,990,760.89      38,340,566.99
              Total assets                 562,651,519.61   389,327,719.57    574,413,891.01    648,086,935.54    377,414,837.70     361,908,104.69

              Current liabilities          212,279,665.14    26,113,439.23    273,234,259.23    278,009,768.35     45,009,530.98     227,352,894.90
              Non-current liabilities       19,808,722.69     5,281,174.12     17,335,517.23     36,661,513.29      5,528,643.03      15,699,415.47
              Total liabilities            232,088,387.83    31,394,613.35    290,569,776.46    314,671,281.64     50,538,174.01     243,052,310.37

              Minority shareholders’
                 equity
              Equity attributable to the
                 shareholders of parent
                 company                   330,563,131.78   357,933,106.22    283,844,114.55    333,415,653.90    326,876,663.69     118,855,794.32

              Net asset shares
                 calculated according to
                 the shareholding
                 ratios                    135,530,884.03   164,649,228.86     67,625,860.29    136,700,418.10    150,363,265.30      28,317,393.00
              Adjustment matters           –41,215,875.12                     185,128,586.12    –42,114,179.24                       173,685,716.80
              — Goodwill
              — Unrealized profit from
                    internal trading       –41,215,875.12                                       –42,114,179.24
              — Others                                                        185,128,586.12                                         173,685,716.80
              Book value of the equity
                 investment in
                 associates                 94,315,008.91   164,649,228.86    252,754,446.41     94,586,238.86    150,363,265.30     202,003,109.79
              Fair value of investments
                 in interests in joint
                 ventures for which
                 publicly quoted prices
                 exist

              Operating income             301,473,763.17   324,715,865.89    480,663,701.77    273,937,319.12    333,359,790.98     214,033,767.03
              Net profit                     3,584,771.03    31,056,442.53    –69,308,383.77      2,577,836.00     33,701,353.23     –89,378,436.14
              Net profit from
                 discontinued
                 operations
              Other comprehensive
                 income                      –137,293.15                                           404,845.75
              Total comprehensive
                 income                      3,447,477.88    31,056,442.53    –69,308,383.77      2,982,681.75     33,701,353.23     –89,378,436.14

              Dividends received from
                  associates in the
                  current period              533,000.00                                           738,000.00




                                                                                                                                               221
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


8     EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
      8.2 Equity in joint venture arrangements or associates (Continued)
          8.2.4 Summary of financial information on insignificant joint ventures or associates


                                                                                As at                   As at
                                                                         December 31,            December 31,
                                                                                2024/                   2023/
                                                                            Year 2024               Year 2023
                 Joint ventures:

                 Total investment book value                              47,475,711.86           34,941,670.17
                 Total amount calculated based on the following
                   shareholding proportions
                   — Net profit                                           13,257,412.41            8,239,252.45
                   — Other comprehensive income
                   — Total comprehensive income                           13,257,412.41            8,239,252.45

                 Associates:

                 Total investment book value                             170,961,297.28          208,512,915.84
                 Total amount calculated based on the following
                   shareholding proportions
                   — Net profit                                           18,875,183.97           21,109,519.23
                   — Other comprehensive income
                   — Total comprehensive income                           18,875,183.97           21,109,519.23


          8.2.5 Excess losses incurred in joint ventures or associates


                                                                                Unrecognised
                                                                 Cumulative       loss for the       Cumulative
                                                               unrecognised         period (or     unrecognised
                                                                prior period     share of net      losses at the
                                                                 cumulative     profit for the        end of the
                 Name of joint venture or consortium                  losses           period)           period
                 Shanghai Tianzou Business Travel Agency Co.                     –707,025.11        –707,025.11




222
                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2024




                                                                                                     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


9   GOVERNMENT GRANTS
    9.1 The type, amount and presentation of government subsidies
       9.1.1 Government subsidies included in the profit or loss for the current period
            Asset-related government grants


                                                                                                              Item in the
                                                                                                              current profit
                                                                          Amount included in the current or loss or used
             Items listed on the                               Amount of profit or loss or used to offset the to offset the
             statement of financial                           government       related costs or losses        related costs
             position                                              grants     Year 2024         Year 2023     or losses
             Deferred income                                                                                  24,555,555.57          Other income


             Total                                                                                            24,555,555.57


            Income-related government grants


                                                                                                         Amount included in the current profit
                                                                                 Amount of                or loss or used to offset the related
             Items included in the current profit or loss                       government                           costs or losses
             or used to offset the related costs or losses                           grants                    Year 2024                  Year 2023
             Deferred earnings are carried in                                  2,208,894.04                  2,036,394.04               538,127.50
             Tax refunds                                                         891,788.31                    891,788.31             4,058,555.62
             Awards                                                              908,579.00                    908,579.00             2,300,000.00
             Patent grants and awards                                          3,617,178.30                  3,617,178.30             6,297,534.27
             Enterprise support and incentives                                 6,325,400.48                  6,325,400.48            10,081,356.85


             Total                                                            13,951,840.13                13,779,340.13             23,275,574.24


       9.1.2 Liabilities involving government subsidies

                                                                 Amount The amount of
                                                             included in other income         Amounts
                                      As at The amount of non-operating transferred in     charged to                       As at
                               December 31,   new subsidy income for the   the current    costs during          Other   December      Asset-related/
             Liability items          2023 in this period         period        period      the period        changes    31, 2024     income-related
             Deferred           1,221,182.50    987,711.54                 2,036,394.04                                 172,500.00    Income-related
                earnings




                                                                                                                                                       223
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


10 RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
      10.1 Risks arising from financial instruments
          The Company is exposed to various financial risks in the course of its operations: credit risk,
          liquidity risk and market risk (including exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and other price
          risks). The financial risks and the risk management policies taken by the Company to mitigate
          these risks are set out as below:

          The Board of directors is responsible for planning and establishing the Company’s risk
          management framework, formulating the Company’s risk management policies and relevant
          guidelines, and supervising the implementation of risk management measures. The Company has
          formulated risk management policies to identify and analyze the risks faced by it. These risk
          management policies specify specific risks and cover many aspects such as market risk, credit
          risk and liquidity risk management. The Company regularly evaluates the changes in the market
          environment and the Company’s business activities to decide whether to update the risk
          management policies and systems. The Company’s risk management is carried out by the Risk
          Management Committee in accordance with the policies approved by the board of directors. The
          Risk Management Committee identifies, evaluates and avoids relevant risks through close
          cooperation with other business departments of the Company. The Company’s internal audit
          department regularly reviews the risk management controls and procedures, and reports the audit
          results to the Company’s Audit Committee.

          The Company diversifies its exposure to financial instruments through an appropriately diversified
          portfolio of investments and businesses, and reduces the risk of concentration in a single
          industry, a specific region or a specific counterparty by formulating corresponding risk
          management policies.

          10.1.1 Credit risk
               Credit risk refers to the risk of financial loss to the Company caused by the counterparty’s
               failure to perform its contractual obligations.

               The Company’s credit risk arises mainly from cash and cash equivalents, notes receivable,
               accounts receivable, contract assets, other receivables, and debt instruments that are not
               included in the scope of impairment assessment and are measured at fair value and whose
               changes are included in current profit and loss Investments and derivative financial assets,
               etc. On the balance sheet date, the book value of the company’s financial assets has
               represented its maximum credit risk exposure.

               The Company’s cash and cash equivalents are mainly bank deposits placed with reputable
               state-owned banks and other large and medium-sized listed banks with high credit ratings,
               which the Company believes that they have no significant credit risk and will almost never
               incur significant losses due to bank’s defaults.




224
                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024




                                                                                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                            (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


10 RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   10.1 Risks arising from financial instruments (Continued)
       10.1.1 Credit risk (Continued)
             In addition, for notes receivable, accounts receivable, receivables financing, contract assets
             and other receivables, etc. the Company has set the relevant policies to control credit risk
             exposure. The Company, based on the customers’ financial positions, the possibility of
             obtaining guarantees from the third party, credit records and other factors such as the
             current market conditions, evaluated the credit qualifications of customers and set credit
             term. The Company would monitor the customers’ credit records periodically; as for the
             customers with bad credit records, the Company would adopt the methods including
             requesting a payment in writing or shortening or canceling credit term so as to keep the
             Company’s overall credit risks within controllable scope.

       10.1.2 Liquidity risk
             Liquidity risk refers to the risk of capital shortage arising when the enterprise performs the
             settlement obligation by way of the delivery of funds or other financial assets.

             The policy of the Company is to ensure that there are sufficient cash for the payment of the
             matured debts. Liquidity risk is under centralized control of the financial department of the
             Company. The financial department monitors cash balance and readily realizable and
             marketable securities and makes rolling forecast on cash flows of the next 12 months to
             ensure that the Company has sufficient funds to repay debts in all cases of reasonable
             prediction. Meanwhile, it monitors whether provisions of the borrowing agreement are
             satisfied, obtain commitments of main financial institutions for providing sufficient reserve
             funds to satisfy the demand for short-term and long-term funds.

             Various financial liabilities of the Company should be presented at undiscounted contractual
             cash flows on the maturity date as follows:

                                                                             As at December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                    The total amount
                                                                                                                               of the
                                  Immediate                                                                            undiscounted
              Item                repayment   Within one year        1–2 years        2–5 years        Over 5 years          contract            Total
              Short-term
                 borrowings                   1,214,942,957.16                                                       1,214,942,957.16 1,203,300,592.42
              Accounts payable                1,581,190,033.26   345,653,386.33   225,528,715.67       35,028,031.68 2,187,400,166.94 2,187,400,166.94
              Other payables                  1,787,975,041.85     7,484,089.97    44,747,314.91       88,997,629.73 1,929,204,076.46 1,929,204,076.46
              Long-term
                 borrowings                    201,769,444.44                                                          201,769,444.44   200,213,888.89
              Lease liabilities                 41,853,899.80      8,919,054.01       597,562.19                        51,370,516.00    49,617,676.79


              Total                           4,827,731,376.51   362,056,530.31   270,873,592.77   124,025,661.41 5,584,687,161.00 5,569,736,401.50




                                                                                                                                                225
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


10 RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
      10.1 Risks arising from financial instruments (Continued)
          10.1.2 Liquidity risk (Continued)

                                                                                   As at December 31, 2023
                                                                                                                          The total amount
                                                                                                                                     of the
                                     Immediate                                                                                undiscounted
                 Item                repayment    Within one year          1–2 years         2–5 years       Over 5 years          contract                Total
                 Short-term
                    borrowings                      759,667,559.68                                                             759,667,559.68     751,589,902.50
                 Accounts payable                 1,419,482,809.30    760,194,055.79     60,997,520.71        4,884,788.97   2,245,559,174.77   2,245,559,174.77
                 Other payables                   1,452,030,857.87     20,750,684.62     72,216,465.61       75,723,929.84   1,620,721,937.94   1,620,721,937.94
                 Long-term
                    borrowings                       7,097,222.22     201,769,444.45                                          208,866,666.67     200,213,888.89
                 Lease liabilities                 104,718,417.67      39,595,304.07      9,825,474.68                        154,139,196.42     160,004,622.29


                 Total                            3,742,996,866.74   1,022,309,488.93   143,039,461.00       80,608,718.81   4,988,954,535.48   4,978,089,526.39



               The repayment period of bank borrowings and other financing is analysed as follows:

                                                     As at December 31, 2024                                 As at December 31, 2023
                 Item                            Bank borrowing Other financing                          Bank borrowing  Other financing
                 Within one year                 1,403,514,481.31                41,853,899.80               751,589,902.50             109,423,596.99
                 1–2 years                                                        8,919,054.01               200,213,888.89              40,578,846.61
                 2–5 years                                                          597,562.19                                           10,002,178.69


                 Total                           1,403,514,481.31                51,370,516.00               951,803,791.39             160,004,622.29




226
                                                                                          Annual Report 2024




                                                                        NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


10 RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   10.1 Risks arising from financial instruments (Continued)
       10.1.3 Market Risk
            Market risk associated with financial instruments refers to the risk that fair value or future
            cash flows of financial instruments fluctuate due to variations in market prices, and it
            includes exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and price risks.

            (1)   Interest rate risk
                  Interest rate risks refer to the risks of fluctuation in the fair value or future cash flows
                  of financial instruments due to changes in market interest rate.

                  Fixed-rate and floating-rate interest-bearing financial instruments make the Company
                  expose to fair value interest rate risk and cash flow interest rate risk, respectively. The
                  Company determines the ratio of fixed-rate instruments to floating-rate instruments
                  based on market conditions and maintains an appropriate mix of fixed-rate and
                  floating-rate instruments through regular review and monitoring. When necessary, the
                  Company uses interest rate swap instruments to hedge interest rate risk.

                  As at December 31, 2024, with other variables held constant, if the borrowing rate
                  calculated on a floating rate basis increases or decreases by 100 basis points, the
                  company’s net profit will decrease or increase by RMB0.00 (December 31, 2023:
                  RMB6,388,514.17).

            (2)   Exchange rate risk
                  Exchange rate risk refers to the risk that fair value or future cash flows of financial
                  instruments fluctuate due to variations in foreign exchange rate.

                  The Company continuously monitor the foreign currency transactions and foreign
                  currency assets and liabilities to minimize the foreign exchange risks. In addition, the
                  Company may also sign forward foreign exchange contracts or currency swap contracts
                  to achieve the purpose of avoiding exchange rate risk. In current period and prior
                  period, the Company did not sign any forward foreign exchange contract or currency
                  swap contract.




                                                                                                         227
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


10 RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
      10.1 Risks arising from financial instruments (Continued)
          10.1.3 Market Risk (Continued)
               (2)   Exchange rate risk (Continued)
                     The exchange rate risk the Company is facing is mainly from the financial assets and
                     liabilities denominated in US dollars, and the foreign currency assets and liabilities are
                     equivalent to the amount denominated in RMB indicated as below:

                                                    As at December 31, 2024                            As at December 31, 2023
                                                         Other foreign                                      Other foreign
                      Item                 US Dollar       currencies             Total       US Dollar        currencies             Total

                      Cash and cash
                         equivalents   206,293,187.84    42,166,769.34   248,459,957.18   192,633,843.54    25,703,648.55    218,337,492.09
                      Accounts
                         receivable    163,121,821.87   194,947,523.89   358,069,345.76   129,047,240.71   106,926,160.68    235,973,401.39


                      Total            369,415,009.71   237,114,293.23   606,529,302.94   321,681,084.25   132,629,809.23    454,310,893.48


                     As at December 31, 2024, if all other variables remain unchanged, if the RMB
                     appreciates or depreciates against the U.S. dollar by 1%, the company will decrease or
                     increase its net profit by RMB5,155,499.07 (December 31, 2023: RMB3,861,642.59).

               (3)   Other price risk
                     Other price risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of financial
                     instruments will fluctuate because of the changes in market prices other than
                     exchange rate risk and interest rate risk.

                     The Company’s other price risk arises primarily from investments in various equity
                     instruments. There is the risk of changes in the prices of equity instruments.

                     As at December 31, 2024, in the case that other variables remained the same, if the
                     value of equity instruments increase or decrease by 2%, the Company will increase or
                     decrease the net profits of RMB17,295,997.66 and other comprehensive income of
                     RMB18,132,784.80 (December 31, 2023: Net profits of RMB13,377,356.33; other
                     comprehensive income of RMB14,118,054.60).

      10.2 Risk management of hedging operations
          The Company has no hedging business.

      10.3 Transfer of financial assets
          None.




228
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024




                                                                                      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                         (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


11 DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE
  The input value used for measuring fair value is divided into three levels:

  Level 1 inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the
  Company can access on the measurement date;

  Level 2 inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the
  asset or liability, either directly or indirectly;

  Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs that have been applied in valuing the respective asset or
  liability.

  The level of the measurement result of fair value shall subject to the lowest level which the input that
  is great significance to the entire measurement of fair value belongs to.

  11.1 Fair value of assets and liabilities measured at fair value as at December 31,
       2024

                                                                            Fair value as at December 31, 2024
                                                         Measurement of     Measurement of      Measurement of
                                                            fair value at       fair value at       fair value at
        Item                                                     Level 1             Level 2             Level 3               Total
        I. Continuous measurement of fair value
           ◆Financial assets held for trading                               2,218,192,945.21                        2,218,192,945.21
               1. Financial assets measured at fair
                 value through the current profit or
                 loss                                                       2,218,192,945.21                        2,218,192,945.21
                  (1) Debt instrument investment                            2,218,192,945.21                        2,218,192,945.21
           ◆Investment in other equity instruments                                              1,066,634,400.00    1,066,634,400.00
           ◆Other non-current financial assets                                                  1,017,411,627.32    1,017,411,627.32
               1. Financial assets measured at fair
                 value through the current profit or
                 loss                                                                           1,017,411,627.32    1,017,411,627.32
                  (1) Investment in equity instruments                                          1,017,411,627.32    1,017,411,627.32
        Total assets with continuous measurement
           of fair value                                                    2,218,192,945.21    2,084,046,027.32    4,302,238,972.53
        Total liabilities with continuous measurement
           of fair value




                                                                                                                               229
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


11 DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE (CONTINUED)
      11.2 Qualitative and quantitative information of valuation techniques and key
           parameters adopted for items measured at the fair value of Level 2 on a
           going and non-going concern

                               Fair value as at                                   Major parameters
                                 December 31,     Valuation                                      Quantitative
           Item                           2024    techniques        Qualitative information      information
           Structured          2,218,192,945.21   Market            The applicable time
             Deposits                              approach           deposit interest rate is
                                                                      determined based on the
                                                                      market exchange rate
                                                                      pricing issued as at
                                                                      December 31, 2024.


      11.3 Qualitative and quantitative information of valuation techniques and key
           parameters adopted for items measured at the fair value of Level 3 on a
           going and non-going concern

                                           Fair value as at                               Major parameters
                                             December 31,      Valuation          Unobservable        Quantitative
           Item                                       2024     techniques         input value         information
           China Merchants RenHe Life     1,066,634,400.00     Transaction case   Price-to-book               1.60
             Insurance Company                                   comparison         ratio
             Limited                                             method
           China Mobile Equity Fund       1,017,411,627.32     Market             Liquidity             10%–35%
             (Hebei Xiong’an)                                    approach           discount
             Partnership investment




230
                                                                                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2024




                                                                                                                                                     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


11 DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE (CONTINUED)
   11.4 Analysis on the measurement items measured at fair value of level 3 on a
        going concern, adjustment information between the book value as at the end
        of the last year and the book value as at the end of last period and
        sensitivity of unobservable parameters
       11.4.1 Analysis on the measurements items measured at fair value of Level 3 reconciliation items


                                                                                                                                                                                                                             For assets held at
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 the end of the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              reporting period,
                                                                                                      Current profit or loss                                                                                                 current unrealized
                                                                                                Included in the    Included other                                                                                             gains or changes
                                                                                                                                              Purchases, issuances, sales, and settlements
                                               As at December     Transfer to   Transfer from    current profit    comprehensive                                                                          As at December            included in
             Item                                     31, 2023       Level 3          Level 3           or loss            income       Purchases        Issuances            Sales      Settlements              31, 2024        profit or loss

             ◆Investment in other equity
                     instruments                830,473,800.00                                                     236,160,600.00                                                                         1,066,634,400.00
             ◆Other non-current
                     financial assets           786,903,313.48                                   64,273,386.60                      167,869,665.00                                           1,634,737.76 1,017,411,627.32
             Financial assets measured at
                     fair value through the
                 current profit or loss         786,903,313.48                                   64,273,386.60                      167,869,665.00                                           1,634,737.76 1,017,411,627.32
             — Equity instrument
                     investment                 786,903,313.48                                   64,273,386.60                      167,869,665.00                                           1,634,737.76 1,017,411,627.32


             Total                             1,617,377,113.48                                  64,273,386.60     236,160,600.00   167,869,665.00                                           1,634,737.76 2,084,046,027.32


             Including: Gains and losses
                               related to
                               financial
                               assets                                                            64,273,386.60
                          Gains and losses
                               related to
                               non-financial
                               assets



       11.4.2 Unobservable parameters sensitivity analysis
            The non-input observable for other equity instruments is the price-to-book ratio range of
            1.56, which would result in an increase or decrease in fair value of RMB50.2156 million if the
            price-to-book ratio increased or decreased by 5%.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     231
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS
      12.1 Parent company of the Company

                                                                                       Shareholding
                                                                                         ratio of the  Voting ratio
                                                                         Registered           parent of the parent
                                                                             capital     company in    company in
           Name of parent                                                   (RMB10     the Company the Company
           company               Registration place Nature of business    thousand)               (%)          (%)
           China TravelSky       No.7 Yumin         Manage all           300,000.00           29.55          29.55
             Holding Company      Street,            state-owned
             Limited              Houshayu           assets and
                                  Town, Shunyi       state-own
                                  District,          equity arising
                                  Beijing, China     from the state
                                                     investments in
                                                     the group
                                                     company and
                                                     its investees.


          The Company’s ultimate controller: The State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
          Commission of the State Council.

      12.2 Subsidiaries of the Company
          See the “Note 8 Equity in other entities” for the details of major subsidiaries the Company.

      12.3 Joint ventures and associates of the Company
          See the “Note 8 Equity in other entities” for the details of major joint ventures or associates of the
          Company.

      12.4 Other related parties

           Name of other related party                        Relationship with the Company
           Air China Co., Ltd.                                Subsidiaries of shareholders of the Company
           Shenzhen Airlines Co., Ltd.                        A shareholder of the Company
           China Southern Airlines Co., Ltd.                  Subsidiaries of shareholders of the Company
           Xiamen Airlines Co., Ltd                           A shareholder of the Company
           China Eastern Airlines Co., Ltd.                   A shareholder of the Company
           Shanghai Airlines Co., Ltd.                        Subsidiaries of shareholders of the Company
           China United Airlines Co., Ltd.                    Subsidiaries of shareholders of the Company
           Hainan Airlines Holding Co., Ltd.                  A shareholder of the Company
           Sichuan Airlines Co., Ltd.                         Subsidiaries of shareholders of the Company
           Shandong Airlines Co., Ltd.                        A shareholder of the Company
           China Transport Information                        Associate company of the parent company
           TravelSky Cloud Data Co., Ltd.                     Same parent company



232
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024




                                                                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                   (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   12.5 Related-party transactions
       12.5.1 Related party transactions on purchase and sales of goods, rendering and receipt of labor
              services
            Purchase of goods/receipt of services

                                                  Content of
             Related party                        related-party transactions         Year 2024            Year 2023
             Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast    Technology support fee         294,064,630.87       356,195,395.34
                Cares Co., Ltd. and its
                subsidiaries
             Shanghai CAAC Huadong Kaiya          Technology support fee/        163,902,530.69       103,189,203.54
                System Integration Co., Ltd.        Procurement of goods
                and its subsidiaries
             Chengdu Civil Aviation Southwest     Technology support fee/         93,340,036.16       148,479,007.70
                Cares Co., Ltd. and its             Procurement of goods
                subsidiaries
             Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network     Technology support fee/         53,147,495.46        42,085,639.05
                Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries      Procurement of goods
             Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport       Technology support fee/         20,489,943.56        27,298,123.87
                Network Co., Ltd.                   Procurement of goods
             Dalian TravelSky Airport Network     Technology support fee/         12,574,391.30         6,086,819.75
                LLC                                 Procurement of goods
             Hebei TravelSky Airport Network      Technology support fee           6,646,942.59         3,244,942.73
                Co., Ltd.
             Yantai TravelSky Airport Network     Technology support fee           5,889,084.72         3,163,566.21
                Co., Ltd.
             Guangzhou Airport Hangyi             Technology support fee                                 146,754.71
                Information Technology Co.,
                Ltd.
             Xinjiang TravelSky Tianyi            Technology support fee            650,000.00         20,757,188.63
                Technology Innovation Co., Ltd.
             Shanghai Tianzou Business Travel     Ticketing service fee                                      220.00
                Agency Co.
             Beijing TravelSky Borun              Technology support fee          19,520,481.43        18,931,653.11
                Technology Co., Ltd.
             TravelSky Mobile Technology Co.,     Technology support fee/         13,080,170.36        12,915,317.11
                Ltd.                                Procurement of goods
             TravelSky Cloud Data Co., Ltd.       Technology support fee           6,777,483.66         6,952,069.16
             China Transport Information          Technology support fee           5,078,839.55        26,142,075.88
             China Southern Airlines Co., Ltd.    Technology support fee           5,428,259.78           789,646.39
                and its subsidiaries
             Air China Corporation Limited and    Technology support fee           2,547,061.49         2,265,173.36
                its subsidiaries
             China Eastern Airlines Co., Ltd.     Technology support fee              62,354.72            73,154.72
                And its subsidiaries




                                                                                                                 233
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      12.5 Related-party transactions (Continued)
          12.5.1 Related party transactions on purchase and sales of goods, rendering and receipt of labor
                 services (Continued)
               Sales of goods/rendering of services

                                                      Content of related-party
                 Related party                        transactions                     Year 2024        Year 2023
                 Air China Corporation Limited and    Aviation Information       1,138,059,452.89   800,022,049.22
                    its subsidiaries                    Technology Service
                 China Southern Airlines Co., Ltd.    Aviation Information        754,373,256.23    789,123,022.42
                    and its subsidiaries                Technology Service
                 China Eastern Airlines Co., Ltd.     Aviation Information        927,654,841.92    681,051,659.42
                    and its subsidiaries                Technology Service
                 Hainan Airlines Holding Co., Ltd.    Aviation Information        426,446,676.55    449,116,419.74
                    and its subsidiaries                Technology Service
                 Sichuan Airlines Co., Ltd. and its   Aviation Information        271,383,676.73    213,823,812.79
                    subsidiaries                        Technology Service
                 Shanghai Civil Aviation East China   Rendering of services        17,639,614.23     28,917,582.80
                    Cares System Integration Co.,
                    Ltd. and its subsidiaries
                 Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network     Rendering of services         8,143,649.15      3,585,723.83
                    Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries
                 Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast    Rendering of services         3,379,527.92      4,136,334.15
                    Cares Co., Ltd. and its
                    subsidiaries
                 Chengdu Civil Aviation Southwest     Rendering of services         9,648,295.11      8,583,250.73
                    Cares Co., Ltd. and its
                    subsidiaries
                 Dalian TravelSky Airport Network     Rendering of services         4,078,226.13      5,148,175.61
                    LLC
                 Hebei TravelSky Airport Network      Rendering of services           350,492.59       417,205.72
                    Co., Ltd.
                 Yantai TravelSky Airport Network     Rendering of services            60,377.36         64,905.68
                    Co., Ltd.
                 Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport       Rendering of services           457,320.10       958,771.09
                    Network Co., Ltd.
                 Xinjiang TravelSky Tianyi            Rendering of services         8,038,052.56      3,654,953.00
                    Technology Innovation Co., Ltd.
                 Guangzhou Airport Hangyi             Rendering of services           183,953.92         28,301.89
                    Information Technology Co.,
                    Ltd.
                 TravelSky Mobile Technology Co.,     Rendering of services        49,355,488.16     55,650,146.91
                    Ltd.
                 Shanghai Tianzou Business Travel     Rendering of services            57,009.42         58,028.30
                    Agency Co.
                 China TravelSky Holding Company      Rendering of services           169,675.47
                    Limited
                 TravelSky Cloud Data Co., Ltd.       Sales of goods/Rendering      5,387,537.07
                                                        of services
                 Civil Aviation Trade Development     Rendering of services            51,882.08
                    Co.




234
                                                                                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024




                                                                                                                                             NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                                                        (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   12.5 Related-party transactions (Continued)
       12.5.2 Related-party lease
            The Company acted as lessee:

                                                                                                    Year 2024                                                                          Year 2023
                                                                                                                                                     Simplified
                                                                    Simplified                                                                    treatment of
                                                                 treatment of                                                                      rental costs
                                                                  rental costs                                                                               for
                                                                           for Variable lease                          Interest                     short-term Variable lease                             Interest
                                                                   short-term payments not                          expenses                        leases and payments not                             expenses
                                                                   leases and included in                         incurred on         Increased        leases of included in the                     incurred on         Increased
                                                               leases of low-       the lease                             lease    Right-of-use       low-value            lease                             lease    Right-of-use
             Name of lessor              Type of leased assets value assets         liabilities      Rent paid       liabilities         assets           assets       liabilities      Rent paid       liabilities         assets
             China TravelSky Holding     Buildings and                                            52,169,607.69   1,027,100.50      101,620.58                                       52,169,603.68   3,195,808.58 146,907,225.01
                  Company Co., Ltd           constructions
             TravelSky Cloud Data Co.,   Buildings and                                            40,801,981.04   1,941,593.47 96,210,321.00                                         34,581,613.41   3,400,672.52 95,309,460.57
                  Ltd.                       constructions
             TravelSky Cloud Data Co.,   Others                                                                                                                                        129,667.54        1,359.66
                  Ltd.



       12.5.3 Loans from and to related parties


                                                                                  Amount of
             Related party                                                     money on loan                        Starting date                          Due date                                  Remarks
             Loans from related parties
             China TravelSky Holding                                            200,213,888.89                      March 22, 2022                         March 21, 2025                            Long-term
               Company Limited                                                                                                                                                                         borrowing
                                                                                                                                                                                                       principal
                                                                                                                                                                                                       plus
                                                                                                                                                                                                       accrued
                                                                                                                                                                                                       interest


       12.5.4 Asset transfer and debt restructuring of related parties


                                                                                    Content of related-party
             Related party                                                          transactions                                                             Year 2024                                    Year 2023
             Yunnan TravelSky Airport                                               Contributions from                                              61,435,724.75
               Network Co., Ltd.                                                      equity of subsidiaries




                                                                                                                                                                                                                         235
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      12.5 Related-party transactions (Continued)
          12.5.5 Remuneration of key management personnel


                   Item                                                                                                                                     Year 2024                                          Year 2023
                   Remuneration of key management personnel                                                                                           4,029,097.75                                          5,138,082.76


          12.5.6 Remuneration of directors and supervisors
               As at December 31, 2024, details of the remuneration (including tax) of directors and
               supervisors were as below:

                                                                                                                                         Year 2024
                                                                                                                   Salaries, allowances
                                                                                                                       and subsidies of
                                                                                                                             employees
                                                                                                                 (including the medical                                                  Retired-related
                                                                                                                              insurance,                                                         benefits
                                                                                                                         unemployment                                                         (Company-
                                                                       Directors (Supervisors)                                insurance,                                             contributed pension
                                                             Directors     meeting allowance                        work-related injury             Employee     Housing provident         insurance and
                                                         (Supervisors) (including the balance          Directors          insurance and performance bonus                    funds        supplementary            Stock           Total
                                                         Emoluments/        of cashing out the     (Supervisors) maternity insurance            (discretionary    (payments by the    pension enterprise     appreciation     (including
                   Item                                   Basic salary        work allowance)    Bonus/Premium paid by the Company)                    bonus)            Company)              annuities)           right           tax)
                   Executive directors
                   Huang Rongshun# (President)                                                                                288,787.02           491,596.00            49,806.00            123,863.04                     954,052.06
                   Non-executive directors
                   Sun Yuquan* (i)
                   Qu Guangji* (i)
                   Xi Sheng*
                   Zhao Xiaohang* (ii)
                   Luo Laijun* (ii)
                   Independent non-executive directors
                   Liu Zehong                               60,000.00               40,000.00                                                                                                                                100,000.00
                   Chen Yongde                              70,000.00               21,000.00                                                                                                                                 91,000.00
                   Xu Hongzhi                               60,000.00               20,000.00                                                                                                                                 80,000.00
                   Supervisors
                   Zhang Xin (Staff representative
                         supervisor) (iii)                                                                                    249,794.68           268,778.00            46,626.00             93,257.52                     658,456.20
                   Yang Jun*
                   Bai Bin*
                   Liang Shuang (Staff representative
                         supervisor) (iv)                                                                                      11,161.35             18,358.62            2,244.00              5,612.76                      37,376.73


                   Total                                   190,000.00               81,000.00                                 549,743.05           778,732.62            98,676.00            222,733.32                    1,920,884.99


               *             These directors and supervisors are consisted of the Company’s sponsors and shareholders or the
                             full-time employees of the Company’s subsidiaries. According to relevant regulatory requirements, they
                             do not collect any remuneration from the Company or these subsidiaries.

               #
                             The performance bonus for these executive directors is subject to the calculation standard determined
                             by the superior supervisory authority, and consists of the part of performance bonus for the prior year
                             and the advance performance bonus for the current year.




236
                                                                                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2024




                                                                                                                                                     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   12.5 Related-party transactions (Continued)
       12.5.6 Remuneration of directors and supervisors (Continued)
            (i)            Appointed on January 25, 2024.


            (ii)           Resigned on January 25, 2024.


            (iii)          Appointed on January 17, 2024.


            (iv)           Resigned on January 17, 2024.

                                                                                                                                         Year 2023
                                                                                                                    Salaries, allowances
                                                                                                                        and subsidies of
                                                                                                                    employees (including                                                  Retired-related
                                                                                                                           4 insurances,                                                          benefits
                                                                                                                  the medical insurance,                                                       (Company-
                                                                       Directors(Supervisors)                             unemployment                                                contributed pension
                                                            Directors      meeting allowance                     insurance, work-related             Employee     Housing provident         insurance and
                                                         (Supervisors) (including the balance           Directors injury insurance and performance bonus                      funds        supplementary           Stock           Total
                                                         Emoluments/       of cashing out the       (Supervisors) maternity insurance            (discretionary    (payments by the    pension enterprise    appreciation     (including
                Item                                      Basic salary       work allowance)      bonus/Premium paid by the Company)                    bonus)           Company)               annuities)          right            tax)
                Executive directors
                Huang Rongshun# (President)                                                                                    281,922.12            345,820.00           47,358.00            119,340.00                    794,440.12
                Liu Jianping# (i)                                                                                              171,468.32            154,560.00           31,090.00             74,611.76                    431,730.08
                Non-executive directors
                Zhao Xiaohang*
                Xi Sheng*
                Luo Laijun*
                Independent non-executive directors
                Liu Zehong                                  60,000.00               13,333.33                                                                                                                                 73,333.33
                Chen Yongde                                 70,000.00               23,000.00                                                                                                                                 93,000.00
                Xu Hongzhi                                  60,000.00                6,666.67                                                                                                                                 66,666.67
                Cao Shiqing(ii)                                                     13,333.33                                                                                                                                 13,333.33
                Liu Xiangqun(ii)                                                    13,333.33                                                                                                                                 13,333.33
                Supervisors
                Ding Wanzhi (Chairman), (Staff
                      representative supervisor) (iii)                                                                                               286,180.00                                                              286,180.00
                Liang Shuang (Employee
                      representative supervisor)                                                                               490,982.12            280,410.00           47,358.00            119,154.00                    937,904.12
                Yang Jun*
                Bai Bin* (iv)
                Tang Lichao* (v)
                Zhu Yan (Independent director) (vi)         30,000.00                                                                                                                                                         30,000.00


                Total                                      220,000.00               69,666.66                                  944,372.56          1,066,970.00          125,806.00            313,105.76                   2,739,920.98


            *              These directors and supervisors are consisted of the Company’s sponsors and shareholders or the
                           full-time employees of the Company’s subsidiaries. According to relevant regulatory requirements, they
                           do not collect any remuneration from the Company or these subsidiaries.


            #              The performance bonus for these executive directors is subject to the calculation standard determined
                           by the superior supervisory authority, and consists of the part of performance bonus for the prior year
                           and the advance performance bonus for the current year.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                              237
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      12.5 Related-party transactions (Continued)
          12.5.6 Remuneration of directors and supervisors (Continued)
               (i)     Resigned on September 26, 2023.


               (ii)    Resigned on September 1, 2022.


               (iii)   Resigned on January 16, 2023.


               (iv)    Appointed on June 15, 2023.


               (v)     Resigned on June 15, 2023.

               (vi)    Resigned on June 30, 2023.


          12.5.7 Remuneration of directors and the highest-paid persons
               Five highest-paid persons
               Among the five highest-paid persons in the Group in 2024, there were 0 director (2023: 0
               director). The remuneration information of the remaining 5 persons in 2024 (2023: 5 persons)
               is as follows:

                 Item (Five highest-paid, non-director persons)              Year 2024         Year 2023
                 Salaries, bonuses, allowances and subsidies              5,842,735.77       6,799,474.60
                   Including: Employee performance bonus
                                (Discretionary bonus)                     3,630,095.67       4,750,434.00
                 Housing provident funds paid by the Company                249,030.00         236,790.00
                 Endowment insurance and enterprise annuity paid by
                   the Company                                              739,513.20         620,112.00
                 Sub-total                                                6,831,278.97       7,656,376.60
                 Stock appreciation right (shares)
                 Fair value of each share of stock appreciation right
                 Amount of stock appreciation right


                 Total                                                    6,831,278.97       7,656,376.60




238
                                                                                       Annual Report 2024




                                                                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                              (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   12.5 Related-party transactions (Continued)
       12.5.7 Remuneration of directors and the highest-paid persons (Continued)
            Five highest-paid persons (Continued)
            The remuneration falls within the following scope:

                                                                              2024                 2023
                                                                        (Number of          (Number of
             Item                                                         persons)             persons)
             HKD0 — HKD1,000,000 (equivalent to RMB926,000)
              (2023：RMB906,200)
             HKD1,000,001 — HKD1,500,000 (equivalent to
              RMB1,389,000)
              (2023：RMB1,359,300)                                                  5                  5


            As at December 31, 2024, the Group has not paid to directors, supervisors or five
            highest-paid persons for the purpose of attracting them to join in the Group or at the time
            when they joined the Group or for their dismission (2023: None), and no director or
            supervisor has quitted or agreed to quite any payment (2023: None).

            Senior management
            Except for the salaries of Directors and Supervisors, as disclosed in Note 12.5.5, the
            remuneration (excluding stock appreciation rights) of the relevant senior management
            mentioned in the biographies of Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Company
            Secretary in this Annual Report is as follows:

                                                                              2024                 2023
                                                                        (Number of          (Number of
             Item (excluding stock appreciation rights)                   persons)             persons)
             HKD0 — HKD1,000,000 (equivalent to RMB926,000)
              (2023：RMB906,200)                                                    5                  5
             HKD1,000,001 — HKD1,500,000 (equivalent to
              RMB1,389,000)
              (2023：RMB1,359,300)                                                  1                  2


             Total Number of persons                                               6                  7




                                                                                                    239
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      12.6 Receivables from and payables to related parties
          12.6.1 Receivables

                                                                       As at December 31, 2024             As at December 31, 2023
                                                                                     Provision for                        Provision for
                 Item            Related party                      Book balance        bad debts       Book balance        bad debts
                 Accounts
                    receivable
                                 Air China Limited and its          462,986,303.06     5,573,928.78    885,574,329.73      5,268,985.83
                                    subsidiaries
                                 China Southern Airlines          1,463,655,332.87   183,048,988.37   1,115,255,891.17   183,346,327.70
                                    Company Limited and its
                                    subsidiaries
                                 China Eastern Airlines             691,061,423.97     2,821,947.98    568,323,156.13      2,839,923.84
                                    Corporation Limited and its
                                    subsidiaries
                                 Hainan Airlines Holding Co.,       377,538,992.73   155,618,574.91    291,698,884.88     84,419,344.19
                                    Ltd. and its subsidiaries
                                 Sichuan Airlines Co., Ltd. and      56,182,379.74         1,799.96     46,904,529.76          4,768.53
                                    its subsidiaries
                                 Shanghai Civil Aviation East        34,275,366.51             5.01     48,813,877.54             11.07
                                    China Cares System
                                    Integration Co., Ltd. and its
                                    subsidiaries
                                 Chengdu Civil Aviation               9,793,100.00                      30,076,812.18
                                    Southwest Cares Co., Ltd.
                                    and its subsidiaries
                                 Shenyang Civil Aviation                668,218.87                        1,044,680.00
                                    Northeast Cares Co., Ltd.
                                    and its subsidiaries
                                 Yunnan TravelSky Airport            19,897,573.29                      36,743,305.34
                                    Network Co., Ltd. and its
                                    subsidiaries
                                 Dalian TravelSky Airport             1,868,079.55                        2,345,644.00
                                    Network LLC
                                 Hebei TravelSky Airport              4,511,540.00                        4,213,440.00
                                    Network Co., Ltd.
                                 Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport         115,400.00
                                    Network Co., Ltd.
                                 Xinjiang TravelSky Tianyi           30,080,424.56                      25,337,826.25
                                    Technology Innovation Co.,
                                    Ltd.
                                 Yantai TravelSky Airport                 4,900.00                            9,800.00
                                    Network Co., Ltd.
                                 Guangzhou Air Port Air Wing             98,113.21
                                    Information Technology Co.,
                                    Ltd.
                                 TravelSky Mobile Technology        103,282,623.97                      93,018,050.70
                                    Limited
                                 Shanghai Tianzou Business                                                  12,885.00
                                    Travel Agency Co.
                                 TravelSky Cloud Data Co., Ltd.       6,745,685.54                        5,606,099.17
                                 China Transport Information                                                214,400.00




240
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024




                                                                                     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                         (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   12.6 Receivables from and payables to related parties (Continued)
       12.6.1 Receivables (Continued)


                                                                   As at December 31, 2024          As at December 31, 2023
                                                                                 Provision for                     Provision for
             Item           Related party                       Book balance        bad debts    Book balance        bad debts
             Notes
               receivable
                            Hainan Airlines Holding Co.,       170,223,062.52                    110,854,021.41
                               Ltd. and its subsidiaries
             Advances to
                suppliers
                            China Southern Airlines                    39.90
                               Company Limited and its
                               subsidiaries
                            Shanghai Civil Aviation East         2,883,785.53                     35,575,942.55
                               China Cares System
                               Integration Co., Ltd. and its
                               subsidiaries
                            Shenyang Civil Aviation              2,317,168.99                     19,963,295.28
                               Northeast Cares Co., Ltd.
                               and its subsidiaries
                            Chengdu Civil Aviation               1,210,867.60                      2,388,789.00
                               Southwest Cares Co., Ltd.
                               and its subsidiaries
                            Yunnan TravelSky Airport              681,597.60                        453,600.00
                               Network Co., Ltd. and its
                               subsidiaries
                            Dalian TravelSky Airport                14,000.00
                               Network LLC
                            TravelSky Mobile Technology             57,468.00                          1,300.00
                               Limited
                            China Transport Information                                             622,494.51




                                                                                                                            241
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      12.6 Receivables from and payables to related parties (Continued)
          12.6.1 Receivables (Continued)

                                                                         As at December 31, 2024          As at December 31, 2023
                                                                                       Provision for                     Provision for
                 Item             Related party                       Book balance        bad debts    Book balance        bad debts
                 Other
                    receivables
                                  China Southern Airlines            111,757,496.53                     88,648,129.15
                                     Company Limited and its
                                     subsidiaries
                                  China Eastern Airlines             234,883,053.43                    171,716,285.29
                                     Corporation Limited and its
                                     subsidiaries
                                  Air China Limited and its          386,297,991.40                    262,764,820.12
                                     subsidiaries
                                  Hainan Airlines Holding Co.,            20,000.00                          9,545.02
                                     Ltd. and its subsidiaries
                                  Sichuan Airlines Co., Ltd. and      10,493,602.57                      6,927,871.22
                                     its subsidiaries
                                  Shenyang Civil Aviation              1,827,160.30                      1,232,866.76
                                     Northeast Cares Co., Ltd.
                                     and its subsidiaries
                                  Chengdu Civil Aviation                820,226.23                       1,177,567.19
                                     Southwest Cares Co., Ltd.
                                     and its subsidiaries
                                  Shanghai Civil Aviation East         4,686,311.62                      3,190,222.82
                                     China Cares System
                                     Integration Co., Ltd. and its
                                     subsidiaries
                                  Yunnan TravelSky Airport             1,062,053.76                       684,401.14
                                     Network Co., Ltd. and its
                                     subsidiaries
                                  Dalian TravelSky Airport              570,945.78
                                     Network LLC
                                  Guangzhou Air Port Air Wing              4,691.75                          4,691.75
                                     Information Technology Co.,
                                     Ltd.
                                  Hebei TravelSky Airport               268,201.38                        229,243.68
                                     Network Co., Ltd.
                                  Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport        233,979.20                        220,566.81
                                     Network Co., Ltd.
                                  TravelSky Mobile Technology          3,343,950.14                      2,641,800.34
                                     Limited
                                  Shanghai Tianzou Business            1,019,254.39                      1,019,254.39
                                     Travel Agency Co.
                                  Xinjiang TravelSky Tianyi               86,283.19
                                     Technology Innovation
                                     Co., Ltd.
                                  China TravelSky Holding               482,627.94                        511,427.94
                                     Company Limited
                                  TravelSky Cloud Data Co., Ltd.       2,980,032.26                      4,153,874.39
                                  China Transport Information          5,747,105.49                      4,603,775.89




242
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024




                                                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                      (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   12.6 Receivables from and payables to related parties (Continued)
       12.6.1 Receivables (Continued)


                                                               As at December 31, 2024          As at December 31, 2023
                                                                             Provision for                     Provision for
             Item          Related party                    Book balance        bad debts    Book balance        bad debts
             Contract
               assets
                           China Eastern Airlines                                                 1,130.00          1,130.00
                              Corporation Limited and its
                              subsidiaries
                           Air China Limited and its                                            404,190.00          8,863.66
                              subsidiaries
                           China Southern Airlines             16,000.00
                              Company Limited and its
                              subsidiaries
                           Hainan Airlines Holding Co.,         6,060.00
                              Ltd. and its subsidiaries
                           Chengdu Civil Aviation              29,543.40                      2,557,357.20
                              Southwest Cares Co., Ltd.
                              and its subsidiaries
                           Dalian TravelSky Airport            15,000.00                         82,500.00
                              Network LLC
                           Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport      32,400.00                         32,400.00
                              Network Co., Ltd.
                           Xinjiang TravelSky Tianyi           12,520.00                         12,520.00
                              Technology Innovation
                              Co., Ltd.
                           Yunnan TravelSky Airport            10,140.00
                              Network Co., Ltd. and its
                              subsidiaries




                                                                                                                        243
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      12.6 Receivables from and payables to related parties (Continued)
          12.6.2 Payables


                                                                                   As at            As at
                                                                            December 31,     December 31,
           Item                   Related party                                    2024             2023
           Accounts payable
                                  China TravelSky Holding Company              968,475.59       968,475.59
                                     Limited
                                  TravelSky Cloud Data Co., Ltd.              9,824,652.71     8,321,749.05
                                  China Transport Information                 3,536,151.86    13,596,416.75
                                  China Southern Airlines Company               376,364.79        43,332.19
                                     Limited and its subsidiaries
                                  Air China Limited and its subsidiaries       701,916.60       889,973.27
                                  Sichuan Airlines Co., Ltd. and its                             14,000.00
                                     subsidiaries
                                  Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast         160,163,523.58   140,389,470.57
                                     Cares Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries
                                  Chengdu Civil Aviation Southwest           52,023,237.58   116,640,452.74
                                     Cares Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries
                                  Shanghai Civil Aviation East China        126,250,845.89   136,018,937.71
                                     Cares System Integration Co., Ltd.
                                     and its subsidiaries
                                  Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network Co.,      17,408,850.89    22,297,770.68
                                     Ltd. and its subsidiaries
                                  Xinjiang TravelSky Tianyi Technology       28,280,746.00    36,168,252.62
                                     Innovation Co., Ltd.
                                  Guangzhou Skyecho Information                  11,667.00        11,667.00
                                     Technology Co., Ltd.
                                  Hebei TravelSky Airport Network Co.,        1,572,625.69     3,393,829.04
                                     Ltd.
                                  Dalian TravelSky Airport Network LLC          806,383.89     1,889,607.52
                                  Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport             10,432,595.53    29,725,741.82
                                     Network Co., Ltd.
                                  Yantai TravelSky Airport Network Co.,        274,210.80       125,088.52
                                     Ltd.
                                  Beijing TravelSky Borun Technology          2,632,352.40     8,636,915.63
                                     Co., Ltd.
                                  TravelSky Mobile Technology Limited        14,595,217.45    19,395,792.63
                                  Shanghai Tianzou Business Travel                                 7,535.00
                                     Agency Co.




244
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024




                                                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                    (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   12.6 Receivables from and payables to related parties (Continued)
       12.6.2 Payables (Continued)


                                                                                              As at                 As at
                                                                                       December 31,          December 31,
        Item                     Related party                                                2024                  2023
        Other payables
                                 China Eastern Airlines Corporation Limited            21,438,326.00              27,208.80
                                    and its subsidiaries
                                 China Southern Airlines Company Limited and             640,047.13             849,964.56
                                    its subsidiaries
                                 Air China Limited and its subsidiaries                 1,467,835.45               2,017.30
                                 Chengdu Civil Aviation Southwest Cares Co.,                                      20,973.45
                                    Ltd. and its subsidiaries
                                 Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.                35,669.40
                                    and its subsidiaries
                                 Beijing TravelSky Borun Technology Co., Ltd.                                    822,758.40
                                 TravelSky Mobile Technology Limited                      425,600.00             851,200.00
                                 Shanghai Tianzou Business Travel Agency Co.                  984.00                 984.00
                                 China TravelSky Holding Company Limited               11,632,948.30           7,899,662.38
                                 China Transport Information                              976,565.24             175,679.64
                                 TravelSky Cloud Data Co., Ltd.                             8,500.00
        Contract liabilities
                                 China Southern Airlines Company Limited and           89,510,917.18          89,850,128.85
                                    its subsidiaries
                                 Air China Limited and its subsidiaries               121,805,032.43         144,607,322.78
                                 China Eastern Airlines Corporation Limited           142,080,093.54         217,092,583.11
                                    and its subsidiaries
                                 Hainan Airlines Holding Co., Ltd. and its            101,341,764.49          54,923,418.42
                                    subsidiaries
                                 Sichuan Airlines Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries       38,367,016.93          51,319,649.63
                                 Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast Cares Co.,              59,851.92             112,907.59
                                    Ltd. and its subsidiaries
                                 Shanghai Civil Aviation East China Cares                  12,994.50              17,699.12
                                    System Integration Co., Ltd
                                 Dalian TravelSky Airport Network LLC                     85,840.71             126,756.76
                                 Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport Network Co.,             418,074.81
                                    Ltd.
                                 Shanghai Tianzou Business Travel Agency Co.             227,021.93
                                 China TravelSky Cloud Data Company Limited               62,326.18


   12.7 Centralized fund management
       None.




                                                                                                                       245
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


13 SHARE-BASED PAYMENT
      None.


14 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
      14.1 Significant commitments
          On April 16, 2020, the Company, as a limited partner, signed the Agreement on China Mobile
          Equity Fund (Hebei Xiong’an) Partnership (Limited Partnership) with China Mobile Capital Holding
          Co., Ltd. and other companies, by which the Company subscribed for a capital contribution of
          RMB1 billion. As at December 31, 2024, the Company made the actual capital
          contribution(including fund management fees) of RMB852,175,426.81.

          Except for the case mentioned above, the Group has no other commitments required to be
          disclosed.

      14.2 Contingencies
          As at December 31, 2024, the Group had no significant contingencies required to be disclosed.


15 POST BALANCE SHEET EVENTS
      15.1 Significant non-adjusting events
          As at March 21, 2025, the Company had repaid RMB200 million principal amount of credit
          borrowings injected into the Company by the parent company in the form of entrusted loans.

          The Company’s subsidiary, Accounting Centre of China Aviation Company Limited, provided a
          capital ring-fencing guarantee for its subsidiary, Beijing Yake Payment Technology Development
          Company Limited, in respect of the BOP business in the amount of RMB500 million, with a capital
          ring-fencing guarantee period from January 1, 2025 to December 31, 2025.

      15.2 Profit distribution

              Profit or dividend to be distributed(RMB)                                     699,364,091.77
              Dividend to be distributed per shares (RMB)                                            0.239


          On March 27, 2025, the board of directors proposed to distribute a final cash dividend for 2024
          totaling in RMB699,364,091.77, that is, RMB0.239 per share (tax included). The calculation is based
          on the Company’s total issued shares of 2,926,209,589 shares at the balance sheet date. The
          distribution of the final dividend is subject to approval at the next annual general meeting of the
          Company.




246
                                                                                       Annual Report 2024




                                                                      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                               (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


16 OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS
  16.1 Asset replacement
      Non-monetary exchange of assets
      As mentioned in Note 7.1, the Company increased its capital to Yunnan Airport with its 100%
      equity interest in Yunnan Kaiya, and the equity interest in Yunnan Kaiya exchanged had a carrying
      value of RMB40,031,154.00 and a fair value of RMB61,435,724.75, and the recorded value of the
      exchanged asset was measured at the fair value of the exchanged asset of RMB61,435,724.75, and
      a gain or loss was recognised in the consolidated statement of income of RMB7,672,908.84.

  16.2 Annuity plan
      All full-time employees of the group participate in the basic pension insurance formulated by the
      government in accordance with national policies. As at December 31, 2024, the Group paid the
      basic pension insurance premium according to the maximum 16% of the employees’ basic salary
      not exceeding the upper limit specified by the government department, and the employees paid the
      basic pension insurance premium according to the proportion of their own salary specified by the
      government. After reaching the statutory retirement age, employees receive basic pension on a
      monthly basis. As at December 31, 2024, the Group’s total basic endowment insurance premiums
      amounted to RMB215,567,775.32 (As at December 31, 2023: RMB198,386,355.16).

      In addition, the Group has established an enterprise annuity plan. The expenses required for an
      enterprise annuity shall be jointly paid by the enterprise and the individual employees. Employees
      may voluntarily choose to join or not join the company’s enterprise annuity plan. As at December
      31, 2024, the total enterprise annuity expense of the Group was RMB88,984,793.65 (As at
      December 31, 2023: RMB82,917,329.51).

      As at December 31, 2024, the Group had no forfeited contributions to reduce its contributions to
      the defined contribution annuity plan managed by the group in future years.

      As at 31 December 2024, the Group does not have any defined benefit plan.

  16.3 Segment information
      The Group’s business is mainly located in China. The Group operates business only in one
      industry, i.e., providing aviation information technology and relevant services in China. The Group’s
      revenues mainly come from its related parties and customers in China, and the revenue division
      made by the Group based on major product or service has been presented in Note 5.43. The
      Group did not prepare any segment balance sheet and income statement for period ended
      December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023.

      Meanwhile, as the Group’s revenues mainly come from China, and its assets are also in China,
      there is no regional segment information presented in the Group’s financial statements.




                                                                                                      247
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


16 OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (CONTINUED)
      16.4 Auditor’s Remuneration Statement

                                                                            As at              As at
                                                                     December 31,       December 31,
           Item                                                             2024               2023
           Auditor’s Remuneration                                     2,124,900.00        2,134,900.00


           Total                                                      2,124,900.00        2,134,900.00


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS
      17.1 Accounts receivable
          17.1.1 Disclosure of accounts receivable by aging (based on invoice date)


                                                                            As at              As at
                                                                     December 31,       December 31,
                   Aging                                                    2024               2023
                   Within 1 year                                  3,975,685,791.61    3,346,528,146.63
                   Including: Subitem within 1 year
                   Within 6 months                                2,897,397,990.87    2,332,336,415.06
                   7–12 months                                    1,078,287,800.74    1,014,191,731.57
                   Within 1 year sub-total                        3,975,685,791.61    3,346,528,146.63
                   1–2 years                                        756,251,494.45      852,245,158.67
                   2–3 years                                        348,425,060.89      259,453,447.66
                   3–4 years                                         48,399,939.70      149,825,773.92
                   4–5 years                                        138,555,045.10      125,268,958.38
                   Over 5 years                                     223,498,357.48      164,916,795.53
                   Sub-total                                      5,490,815,689.23    4,898,238,280.79
                   Less: Provision for bad debts                    989,732,625.11      897,621,278.45


                   Total                                          4,501,083,064.12    4,000,617,002.34




248
                                                                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024




                                                                                                                                      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                                                     (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
  17.1 Accounts receivable (Continued)
      17.1.2 Disclosure under the methods of provision for bad debts by category


                                                                                As at December 31, 2024                                                        As at December 31, 2023
                                                            Book balance              Provision for bad debts                              Book balance                Provision for bad debts
                                                                                                     Proportion                                                                         Proportion
                                                                        Proportion                  of provision                                       Proportion                      of provision
            Category                                         Amount           (%)         Amount            (%)        Book value           Amount            (%)           Amount               (%)       Book value

            Provision for bad debts accrued on an
                individual basis                      937,075,594.38         17.07 622,614,708.39         66.44 314,460,885.99        766,507,599.05        15.65     511,787,626.87         66.77      254,719,972.18
            Provision for bad debts accrued on a
                portfolio basis                      4,553,740,094.85        82.93 367,117,916.72          8.06 4,186,622,178.13 4,131,730,681.74           84.35     385,833,651.58          9.34 3,745,897,030.16


            Total                                    5,490,815,689.23       100.00 989,732,625.11                  4,501,083,064.12 4,898,238,280.79      100.00      897,621,278.45                   4,000,617,002.34



           Provision for bad debts accrued on an individual basis:

                                                                               As at December 31, 2024                                                                 As at December 31, 2023
                                                     Accounts              Provision for  Proportion of Reason for                                                      Accounts     Provision for
            Name                                    receivable                bad debts    provision (%) provision                                                     receivable       bad debts
            Customer 1                       233,931,425.17                50,504,038.94                         21.59 Poor financial                          219,850,314.21                 48,617,825.40
                                                                                                                          situation
            Customer 2                       182,618,679.13             182,618,679.13                          100.00 Significant                             182,618,679.13               182,618,679.13
                                                                                                                          uncertainty as to
                                                                                                                          recoverability
            Customer 3                       148,121,954.26             132,043,017.56                           89.14 Operating                               143,456,483.18               138,734,613.64
                                                                                                                          difficulties
            Customer 4                        79,762,103.19                69,810,061.38                         87.52 Poor financial                               37,637,075.97             25,768,033.42
                                                                                                                          situation
            Customer 5                        62,246,713.30                34,005,774.28                         54.63 Significant
                                                                                                                          uncertainty as to
                                                                                                                          recoverability
            Customer 6                        57,194,823.29                45,248,042.32                         79.11 Poor financial                               21,281,755.08                4,929,389.70
                                                                                                                          situation
            Customer 7                        54,499,754.25                39,276,262.72                         72.07 Poor financial                               20,314,198.33                8,616,172.07
                                                                                                                          situation
            Customer 8                        19,526,752.14                13,966,667.78                         71.53 Poor financial                                8,934,167.14                4,350,118.27
                                                                                                                          situation
            Customer 9                        18,162,189.27                 3,906,929.28                         21.51 Poor financial                               15,900,985.20                5,786,683.29
                                                                                                                          situation
            Customer 10                       14,322,529.89                 9,668,871.67                         67.51 Business conditions                          71,400,071.04             65,788,881.34
                                                                                                                          deteriorated
            Other customers                   66,688,670.49                41,566,363.33                         62.33                                              45,113,869.77             26,577,230.61


            Total                            937,075,594.38             622,614,708.39                                                                         766,507,599.05               511,787,626.87




                                                                                                                                                                                                               249
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
      17.1 Accounts receivable (Continued)
          17.1.2 Disclosure under the methods of provision for bad debts by category (Continued)
               Provision for bad debts accrued on a portfolio basis:

               Item accrued on a portfolio basis:

                                                                                    As at December 31, 2024
                                                                           Accounts         Provision for                        Proportion of
                 Name                                                     receivable           bad debts                         provision (%)
                 Accounts receivable from
                   third-parties                                 1,721,322,330.12                367,117,916.72                           21.33
                 Accounts receivable from
                   related parties                               2,832,417,764.73


                 Total                                           4,553,740,094.85                367,117,916.72


          17.1.3 Provision, reversal or recovery of provision for bad debts in Year 2024


                                                      As at                      Changes in the current period
                                               December 31,                      Reversal or      Write-off or                               As at
                 Category                              2023         Provision       Recovery       Charge-off    Other changes   December 31, 2024

                 Provision for bad debts
                    accrued on an individual
                    basis                      511,787,626.87   110,827,081.52                                                       622,614,708.39
                 Provision for bad debts
                    accrued on a portfolio
                    basis                      385,833,651.58   –18,715,734.86                                                       367,117,916.72


                 Total                         897,621,278.45    92,111,346.66                                                       989,732,625.11


          17.1.4 Top five of accounts receivable and contract assests as at December 31, 2024, presented by
                 debtors
               The sum amount of top five of accounts receivable and contract assests presented by
               debtors is RMB2,561,197,297.15, accounting for 46.07% of the ending balance of accounts
               receivable and contract assests, and the corresponding ending balance of allowance for bad
               debts is RMB259,224,007.22.




250
                                                                                    Annual Report 2024




                                                                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                               (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
  17.2 Other receivables

                                                                        As at                 As at
                                                                 December 31,          December 31,
       Item                                                             2024                  2023
       Interest receivable
       Dividends receivable                                      52,433,800.00         53,533,370.76
       Other receivables                                        312,323,447.16        319,300,463.19


       Total                                                    364,757,247.16        372,833,833.95


      17.2.1 Dividends receivable
           Details of dividends receivable


                                                                        As at                 As at
                                                                 December 31,          December 31,
               Item (or investee)                                       2024                  2023
               Shenzhen Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.                                  8,587,470.76
               Xinjiang Civil Aviation Cares Information
                 Network Co., Ltd.                               29,412,700.00         28,979,200.00
               Qingdao Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.            10,200,000.00          9,180,000.00
               Hubei Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.                                       750,000.00
               Hainan Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.              7,711,100.00          5,980,700.00
               Yantai TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.                                  56,000.00
               Shanghai Civil Aviation East China Cares
                 System Integration Co., Ltd                      2,050,000.00
               Xinjiang TravelSky Tianyi Technology
                 Innovation Co., Ltd.                               500,000.00
               Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.         2,560,000.00
               Sub-total                                         52,433,800.00         53,533,370.76
               Less: Provision for bad debts


               Total                                             52,433,800.00         53,533,370.76




                                                                                                 251
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
      17.2 Other receivables (Continued)
          17.2.2 Other receivables
               (1)   Disclosure by aging


                                                                                                                                         As at                                        As at
                                                                                                                                  December 31,                                 December 31,
                      Aging                                                                                                              2024                                         2023
                      Within 1 year                                                                                                   99,846,693.29                           144,046,571.11
                      Including: Subitem within 1 year
                      Within 6 months                                                                                            86,388,449.60                                141,751,871.91
                      7–12 months                                                                                                13,458,243.69                                  2,294,699.20
                      1–2 years                                                                                                  67,728,759.40                                 29,009,591.76
                      2–3 years                                                                                                  17,486,628.25                                 10,216,653.16
                      3–4 years                                                                                                   9,328,105.81                                  2,978,895.51
                      4–5 years                                                                                                   2,309,474.98                                 26,639,562.18
                      Over 5 years                                                                                              115,623,785.43                                106,409,189.47
                      Sub-total                                                                                                 312,323,447.16                                319,300,463.19
                      Less: Provision for bad debts


                      Total                                                                                                     312,323,447.16                                319,300,463.19


               (2)   Disclosure under the methods of provision for bad debts by category


                                                                                    As at December 31, 2024                                                     As at December 31, 2023
                                                                 Book balance            Provision for bad debts                            Book balance             Provision for bad debts
                                                                            Proportion               Proportion of                                      Proportion               Proportion of
                      Category                                   Amount           (%)       Amount provision (%)        Book value           Amount            (%)      Amount provision (%)        Book value

                      Provision for bad debts accrued
                          on an individual basis
                      Provision for bad debts on
                          portfolio basis of credit risk
                          characteristics                  312,323,447.16       100.00                               312,323,447.16    319,300,463.19      100.00                                319,300,463.19


                      Total                                312,323,447.16       100.00                               312,323,447.16    319,300,463.19      100.00                                319,300,463.19




252
                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024




                                                                                             NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                          (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
  17.2 Other receivables (Continued)
      17.2.2 Other receivables (Continued)
           (2)   Disclosure under the methods of provision for bad debts by category (Continued)
                 Provision for bad debts on portfolio basis of credit risk characteristics:

                 Item accrued on a portfolio basis:

                                                                As at December 31, 2024
                                                                         Provision for                                     Proportion of
                  Name                          Other receivables           bad debts                                      provision (%)
                  Third parties                      87,625,821.09
                  Related parties                   224,697,626.07


                  Total                             312,323,447.16


           (3)   The movement in the carrying amount of other receivables is shown below:


                                                             Phase 1                    Phase 2                 Phase 3
                                                                         Expected credit losses
                                                                         for the entire duration Expected credit losses
                                                Expected credit losses                (no credit for the entire duration
                  Book balance                  in the next 12 months              impairment)      (credit impairment)                Total
                  Balance as at December 31,
                     2023                              319,300,463.19                                                         319,300,463.19
                  In 2024, balance as at
                     December 31, 2023
                  — Transfer to Phase 2
                  — Transfer to Phase 3
                  — Reversal from Phase 2
                  — Reversal from Phase 1
                  Additions during the period           –6,977,016.03                                                          –6,977,016.03
                  Derecognised during
                     the period
                  Other changes
                  Balance as at December 31,
                     2024                              312,323,447.16                                                         312,323,447.16




                                                                                                                                        253
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
      17.2 Other receivables (Continued)
          17.2.2 Other receivables (Continued)
                   (4)   Classification of other receivables by the nature of payment


                                                                                                         As at                           As at
                                                                                                  December 31,                    December 31,
                            Nature                                                                       2024                            2023
                            Insurance reserve funds of personnel
                              stationed abroad                                                     96,618,231.78                   96,706,334.87
                            Advance payments                                                       71,906,010.51                   62,672,073.11
                            Deposit payments                                                        6,597,859.28                    7,145,163.40
                            Reserve funds                                                             124,153.49                      469,898.88
                            Others                                                                137,077,192.10                  152,306,992.93


                            Total                                                                 312,323,447.16                  319,300,463.19


                   (5)   Top five of other receivable as at December 31, 2024, presented by debtors
                          The sum amount of top five of other receivables presented by debtors is
                          RMB239,677,177.59, accounting for 76.75% of the balance of other receivables as at
                          December 31, 2024, and the ending balance of the corresponding provision for bad
                          debts is RMB0.00.

      17.3 Long-term equity investments

                                                          As at December 31, 2024                                 As at December 31, 2023
                                                                 Provision for                                           Provision for
           Item                              Book balance         impairment        Book value       Book balance         impairment           Book value
           Investment in subsidiary       2,066,899,557.32                     2,066,899,557.32    2,111,610,630.08                     2,111,610,630.08
           Investment in associates and
               joint ventures              682,451,949.73                       682,451,949.73      539,786,209.41                          539,786,209.41

           Total                          2,749,351,507.05                     2,749,351,507.05    2,651,396,839.49                     2,651,396,839.49




254
                                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2024




                                                                                                                     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                                              (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
  17.3 Long-term equity investments (Continued)
      17.3.1 Investment in subsidiaries

                                                                                                      Increase/decrease in 2024
                                                                       Provision for                                                                               Provision for
                                                             As at impairment as at                                        Provision                     As at   impairment as
                                                      December 31,    December 31,      Additional        Reduced    for impairment               December 31, at December 31,
            Investees                                        2023              2023    investment      investment            in 2024   Others            2024              2024

            Hainan Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.     10,205,095.00                                                                               10,205,095.00
            Shenzhen Civil Aviation Cares Co.,
                Ltd.                                   4,302,941.18                                                                                4,302,941.18
            Hubei Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.      11,446,825.00                                                                               11,446,825.00
            Chongqing Civil Aviation Cares
                 Information Technology Co., Ltd.       4,998,000.00                                                                                4,998,000.00
            Yunnan Civil Aviation Cares
                 Information Co., Ltd                 40,031,154.00                                  40,031,154.00
            Xiamen Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.      1,020,000.00                                                                                 1,020,000.00
            Infosky Information Technology Co.,
                 Ltd.                                153,820,754.50                                                                              153,820,754.50
            Qingdao Civil Aviation Cares Co.,
                 Ltd.                                   1,020,000.00                                                                                1,020,000.00
            Xi’an Civil Aviation Cares Technology
                 Co., Ltd.                              1,020,000.00                                                                                1,020,000.00
            Xinjiang Civil Aviation Cares
                 Information Network Co., Ltd.          1,530,000.00                                                                                1,530,000.00
            Guangzhou TravelSky Technology
                 Limited                             400,000,000.00                                                                              400,000,000.00
            Shanghai TravelSky Technology
                 Limited                                4,000,000.00                                                                                4,000,000.00
            Accounting Centre of China Aviation
                 Company Limited                     853,519,487.07                                                                              853,519,487.07
            TravelSky International Limited           11,364,427.02                                                                               11,364,427.02
            TravelSky Technology (Singapore)
                 Limited                             353,594,927.55                                                                              353,594,927.55
            TravelSky Technology (Europe)
                 Limited                                4,679,918.76                                  4,679,918.76
            TravelSky Cares (Beijing) Property
                 Co., Ltd.                            10,000,000.00                                                                               10,000,000.00
            Hunan TravelSky Technology Limited        30,000,000.00                                                                               30,000,000.00
            Inner Mongolia Civil Aviation
                 Information Technology Co., Ltd.       5,000,000.00                                                                                5,000,000.00
            Beijing TravelSky Travel Service Co.,
                 Ltd.                                 72,000,000.00                                                                               72,000,000.00
            Travelsky Yunzhi Technology (Beijing)
                 Co., Ltd.                            50,000,000.00                                                                               50,000,000.00
            Henan Civil Aviation Information
                 Technology Co., Ltd.                 10,000,000.00                                                                               10,000,000.00
            Zhejiang Civil Aviation Information
                 Technology Co., Ltd.                 19,047,100.00                                                                               19,047,100.00
            Beijing TravelSky Technology
                 Limited                              50,010,000.00                                                                               50,010,000.00
            Guangzhou Skyecho Information
                 Technology Co., Ltd.                   4,000,000.00                                                                                4,000,000.00
            TravelSky Digital Intelligence
                 Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.         5,000,000.00                                                                                5,000,000.00


            Total                                   2,111,610,630.08                                 44,711,072.76                              2,066,899,557.32




                                                                                                                                                                         255
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
      17.3 Long-term equity investments (Continued)
          17.3.2 Investments in associates and joint ventures

                                                                                                                                                        Increase/decrease in 2024
                                                                                    Provision for                                 Profit or loss on    Adjustment to                                                                      Provision for
                                                                                  impairment as                                       investments               other             Cash dividends or                              As at impairment as at
                                                                  As at December at December           Additional       Reduced recognized under      comprehensive Changes in profits declared to Provision for          December 31, December 31,
                 Investees                                               31, 2023       31, 2023      investment     investment the equity method             income other equity    be distributed impairment     Others        2024             2024
                 1. Joint ventures
                     Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport Network
                          Co., Ltd.                                 22,726,937.99                                                      4,626,492.48                                    1,000,000.00                        26,353,430.47
                     Dalian TravelSky Airport Network LLC           28,655,181.25                                                      2,710,373.43                                    5,000,000.00                        26,365,554.68
                     Hebei TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.      14,531,132.69                                                      1,395,608.01                                                                        15,926,740.70
                     Shanghai Tianzou Business Travel Agency
                          Co.                                           12,966.80                                                       –12,966.80
                     Xinjiang TravelSky Tianyi Technology
                          Innovation Co., Ltd.                      20,397,570.68                                                     11,651,400.48                                      500,000.00                        31,548,971.16
                     Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.                                     112,973,157.18                     6,587,269.78                                    2,560,000.00                       117,000,426.96


                 Sub-total                                          86,323,789.41                   112,973,157.18                    26,958,177.38                                    9,060,000.00                       217,195,123.97


                 2. Associates
                     Beijing TravelSky Borun Technology Co.,
                         Ltd.                                       54,619,338.39                                                     6,618,268.84                                                                         61,237,607.23
                     TravelSky Mobile Technology Limited                                                                            –32,305,327.26                    67,636,617.97                                        35,331,290.71
                     Shanghai Civil Aviation East China Cares
                         System Integration Co., Ltd.               94,586,238.86                                                      2,368,060.24      –56,290.19                    2,583,000.00                        94,315,008.91
                     Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast Cares
                         Co., Ltd.                                 150,363,265.30                                                     14,285,963.56                                                                       164,649,228.86
                     Chengdu Civil Aviation Southwest Cares
                         Co., Ltd                                   87,975,470.75                                                      8,672,697.84                                    1,991,800.00                        94,656,368.59
                     Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.     51,537,432.43                   –51,537,432.43
                     Guangzhou Airport Hangyi Information
                         Technology Co., Ltd.                        7,138,082.86                                                       808,885.95                                     1,000,000.00                         6,946,968.81
                     Yantai TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.      7,242,591.41                                                       891,361.24                                        13,600.00                         8,120,352.65


                 Sub-total                                         453,462,420.00                   –51,537,432.43                     1,339,910.41      –56,290.19 67,636,617.97      5,588,400.00                       465,256,825.76


                 Total                                             539,786,209.41                   61,435,724.75                     28,298,087.79      –56,290.19 67,636,617.97     14,648,400.00                       682,451,949.73




256
                                                                                            Annual Report 2024




                                                                        NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                               (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
  17.4 Operating revenue and operating costs
      17.4.1 Operating revenue and operating costs


                                              Year 2024                              Year 2023
               Item                      Revenue                Cost            Revenue                   Cost
               Primary business   7,031,500,960.54   3,605,842,241.51    5,381,804,808.65      2,667,333,979.03
               Other business        25,902,723.88       8,252,487.03       33,257,101.83          8,339,316.48

               Total              7,057,403,684.42   3,614,094,728.54    5,415,061,910.48      2,675,673,295.51

      17.4.2 Significant contractual changes or significant transaction price adjustments


                                                                                             Amount of impact
               Item                          Accounting treatment                                 on revenue
               Big agreement fee model       Changes in contracts, offset by income          –146,118,785.22
                                               in the period in which the contract is
                                               changed


               Total                                                                         –146,118,785.22


  17.5 Investment income

       Item                                                             Year 2024                  Year 2023
       Long-term equity investment income calculated
         under the cost method                                      13,032,745.31              19,686,881.21
       Long-term equity investment income calculated
         under the equity method                                    28,298,087.79              46,017,171.16
       Investment income from disposal of long-term
         equity investment                                          19,878,277.93              –2,691,552.70
       Income from held-for-trading financial assets
         during the holding period                                  30,197,201.10              55,849,657.55


       Total                                                        91,406,312.13             118,862,157.22


                                                                        TRAVELSKY TECHNOLOGY LIMITED

                                                                                               March 27, 2025




                                                                                                           257
TravelSky Technology Limited




BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS,
SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND COMPANY SECRETARY
As of the latest practicable date April 11, 2025 before the issue date of this report

DIRECTORS
Mr. Huang Rongshun, aged 59, the Chairman, an Executive Director and the General Manager of the
Company, a research scholar who graduated from Beihang University* (北京航空航天大學), majoring in
computer science and application, with a doctor’s degree of management from Sichuan University* (四川大
學). Mr. Huang is an expert entitled to Government Special Allowance by the State Council and has more
than 30 years of research and management experience in China’s civil aviation industry. From August 1987 to
October 2014, Mr. Huang held positions in Second Institute of Civil Aviation Administration of China* (中國民
用航空局第二研究所), being a deputy chief engineer and deputy general manager of its subsidiary, then
served as the assistant to the head, deputy head, head and the secretary of the Party Committee. From
October 2014 to June 2021, Mr. Huang acted as the dean (head) and deputy secretary of the Party
Committee of China Academy of Civil Aviation Science and Technology (Aviation Safety Technology Center of
Civil Aviation Administration)* (中國民航科學技術研究院（民航局航空安全技術中心）). From August 2018 to May
2021, Mr. Huang acted as the chief member of China Technology Committee of Air Freight and Ground
Equipment Standardization* (全國航空貨運及地面設備標準化技術委員會). Mr. Huang has been serving as the
director and deputy secretary of the Party Committee of China TravelSky Holding Company Limited* (中國民
航信息集團有限公司), and the deputy secretary of the Party Committee of the Company since May 2021, and
the general manager of China TravelSky Holding Company Limited since June 2021. Since August 2021, Mr.
Huang has been serving as the Chairman and an Executive Director of the seventh session of the Board of
the Company, and appointed as the Chief Member (Chairman) of the Nomination Committee and the
Strategy Committee. Since April 2022, he has been serving as our General Manager. China TravelSky Holding
Company Limited has interests in the shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the
Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, and Mr. Huang is a director of
China TravelSky Holding Company Limited.

Mr. Sun Yuquan, aged 52, graduated from Nanjing University of Science and Technology majoring in
accounting. He is a researcher-level senior engineer and a senior accountant. He served as the general
manager of the finance department of China Rong Tong Asset Management Group Corporation Limited from
July 2019 to February 2022. He has been serving as the chief accountant and a member of the Communist
Party Group of China National Aviation Holding Corporation Limited* (中國航空集團有限公司) since February
2022. Since March 2022, he has been serving as a member of the Standing Committee of the Communist
Party Committee of Air China Limited, and concurrently as the chairman of China National Aviation Capital
Holding Co., Ltd. and the chairman of China National Aviation Media Co., Ltd. He has served as a Non-
executive Director of Cathay Pacific Airways Limited, a company listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange (stock code: 00293), since May 2022. He has been serving as the chief accountant of Air
China Limited since March 2023. Since January 2024, Mr. Sun has been serving as a Non-executive Director
of the seventh session of the Board of the Company and has been appointed as a member of the Strategy
Committee. CNAHC has interests in the shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the
Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, and Mr. Sun is an employee of
CNAHC.




258
                                                                                              Annual Report 2024




              BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND COMPANY SECRETARY
                           As of the latest practicable date April 11, 2025 before the issue date of this report



Mr. Qu Guangji, aged 55, holds a bachelor’s degree in economics from Xi’an Statistical Institute and has
obtained a part-time master’s degree in economics from Dongbei University of Finance and Economics and a
part-time executive master’s degree in business administration from Tsinghua University — Ecole des Ponts
Paris Tech and Ecole Nationale de l’Aviation Civile. He is an economist. Mr. Qu started his career in July
1993 and served in various positions including the general manager and Deputy Secretary of the CPC General
Committee of the capacity network division of Commercial Steering Committee of China Southern Airlines
Co., Ltd.* (中國南方航空股份有限公司) (“China Southern Airlines”), the general manager and Deputy Secretary
of the CPC General Committee of the network income division of Commercial Steering Committee of China
Southern Airlines, and the deputy director and Member of Party Committee of Commercial Steering
Committee of China Southern Airlines. Mr. Qu served as the general manager and Deputy Secretary of the
Party Committee of the Hubei branch of China Southern Airlines in April 2017; the executive vice president
and Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee of Xinjiang branch of China Southern Airlines in March 2019;
the general manager and Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee of Xinjiang branch of China Southern
Airlines in July 2019; the general manager and Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee of Shenzhen branch
of China Southern Airlines in August 2021; the deputy general manager and Party Member of China Southern
Air Holding Limited Company and the deputy general manager of China Southern Airlines in August 2023.
Since January 2024, Mr. Qu has been serving as a Non-executive Director of the seventh session of the
Board of the Company and has been appointed as a member of the Strategy Committee. China Southern Air
Holding Limited Company has interests in the shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the
Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, and Mr. Qu is an employee of
China Southern Air Holding Limited Company.

Mr. Xi Sheng, aged 62, a Non-executive Director of the Company, graduated from Jiangxi University of
Finance and Economics with a bachelor degree. He is a senior auditor, a Chinese Certified Public Accountant
(CPA) and an International Certified Internal Auditor (CIA). Mr. Xi previously served for National Audit Office in
various positions: Deputy Director of Foreign Affairs Division of Foreign Investment Audit Department,
Director of Liaison Reception Office of the Foreign Affairs Department, the deputy head of the PRC Audit
Institute* (中國審計事務所), Deputy Director General and Director General of Fixed Asset Investment Audit
Department, Party Secretary and Special Commissioner of Harbin Commissioner’s Office and Director
General of Personnel and Education Department. Mr. Xi was appointed as the Head of Audit Department of
China Eastern Air Holding Company Limited* (中國東方航空集團有限公司) (“CEA Holding”) from September
2009 to November 2012, Supervisor of China Eastern Airlines Corporation Limited* (中國東方航空股份有限公
司) (“CEA”, a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange and a subsidiary of CEA Holding;
Stock Code: 00670 (Stock Exchange); 600115 (Shanghai Stock Exchange)) from June 2012 to January 2021,
and Chairman of Board of Supervisors of CEA from June 2016 to January 2021. He held a concurrent
position of the Head of Audit Department of CEA Holding from December 2017 to November 2018. He was
also the General Manager of Audit Department of CEA Holding and CEA from November 2018 to May 2020.
Mr. Xi has been serving as Executive Vice President and member of the Party Committee of CEA Holding
from January 2018 to March 2023, and Executive Vice President and member of Standing Committee of the
Party Committee of CEA from January 2021 to March 2023. Since September 2019, Mr. Xi has been serving
as a Non-executive Director of the sixth session of the Board of the Company and has been appointed as a
member of the Strategy Committee. Since February 2020, Mr. Xi has been serving as a Non-executive
Director of the seventh session of the Board of the Company, and has been re-appointed as a member of the
Strategy Committee.




                                                                                                             259
TravelSky Technology Limited




BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND COMPANY SECRETARY
As of the latest practicable date April 11, 2025 before the issue date of this report



Mr. Liu Zehong, aged 64, is a professor-level senior engineer. He graduated from China Electric Power
Research Institute with a master’s degree. Mr. Liu Zehong has been committed to the research and
development of key technologies, core equipment and construction of major projects for ultra high voltage
(UHV) power transmission. From 2005 to 2011, Mr. Liu Zehong successively served as the deputy director of
the UHV office, the construction and operation department and the UHV department of State Grid Corporation
of China* (國家電網有限公司) (formerly known as State Grid Corporation* (國家電網公司)). He served as the
head of the DC construction department of State Grid Corporation of China from 2011 to 2015, assistant to
the general manager of State Grid Corporation of China in 2015, and executive vice president (member of the
Party Group) of State Grid Corporation of China from 2015 to 2021. Mr. Liu Zehong has been serving as an
external director of China Datang Corporation Ltd. since April 2022. Since September 2022, he has been the
executive vice chairman of the Global Energy Interconnection Development and Cooperation Organization* (全
球能源互聯網發展合作組織). Mr. Liu has served as an Independent Non-executive Director of the seventh
session of the Board of the Company, the Chief Member (Chairman) of the Remuneration Committee, a
member of the Audit Committee and Nomination Committee since September 2022, as well as a member of
the Strategy Committee since January 2023.

Mr. Chan Wing Tak Kevin, aged 59, Chinese nationality and a resident of Hong Kong Special Administrative
Region, Mr. Chan has been a member of the 13th Guangdong Provincial Committee of the Chinese People’s
Political Consultative Conference since January 2023. He is currently chief executive officer of Concentric
Education Foundation (Hong Kong) and executive vice president of Chinese Banking Association of Hong Kong
and he also serves as an Independent Non-executive Director of China Communications Construction
Company Limited (SEHK, Stock Code: 01800; SSE, Stock Code: 601800) and Royale Home Holdings Limited
(SEHK, Stock Code: 01198). Mr. Chan Wing Tak Kevin has extensive experience in finance, securities and
banking. He held positions as the head of research division of Nomura International (Hong Kong) Limited in
China and Hong Kong and the director of banking department thereof in Asia region, the head of China and
Hong Kong Financial Department of CLSA, a senior advisor of KPMG China and a member of the Stock
Exchange Listing Review Committee, a member of Election Committee (Finance) of The Government and a
member of the Chief Executive’s Policy Unit (CEPU) Expert Group of the Hong Kong Special Administrative
Region, a member of the Hong Kong Independent Police Complaints Council. Mr. Chan Wing Tak Kevin
graduated from London School of Economics and Political Science with a master’s degree in economics and
has qualification of Fellow Certified Practising Accountant in Australia. Since September 2022, he has served
as an Independent Non-executive Director, the Chief Member (Chairman) of the Audit Committee, and a
member of the Remuneration Committee of our seventh session of the Board of Directors.




260
                                                                                          Annual Report 2024




             BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND COMPANY SECRETARY
                         As of the latest practicable date April 11, 2025 before the issue date of this report



Mr. Xu Hongzhi, aged 63, is a professor-level senior engineer and entitled to a special government allowance
provided by the State Council. He graduated with a major in information processing from Electronic
Engineering Department of Northwest Telecommunication Engineering Institute (currently known as Xidian
University) and holds an executive master’s degree in business administration of Xiamen University. Mr. Xu
Hongzhi successively served as a teaching assistant of Department 2 of Changchun Institute of Posts and
Telecommunications, a technician and engineer of the software division, the deputy head and the head of the
research division of the 10th Institute of the Posts and Telecommunications Department and a deputy
manager of the Engineering Department of Xi’an Datang Telecom Co., Ltd.* (西安大唐電信有限公司) from
August 1983 to May 1996. He served as the deputy director of the 10th Institute of the Posts and
Telecommunications Department from May 1996 to February 2001, the director and the secretary of party
committee of the 10th Institute of Telecommunications, Science and Technology from February 2001 to
March 2003, the deputy head and a member of the Party Group of the Telecommunications, Science and
Technology Research Institute from March 2003 to December 2017. He concurrently served as the head of the
Data Telecommunications, Science and Technology Institute from January 2005 to June 2009, a vice general
manager and a member of the standing committee of the Communist Party Committee of China Academy of
Telecommunications Technology Co., Ltd. from December 2017 to June 2018, and a member of the standing
committee of the Communist Party Committee and a vice general manager of China Information and
Communication Technology Group Co., Ltd. from June 2018 to November 2021. He has been serving as an
external director of GRINM Group Corporation Limited since June 2022. Since September 2022, he has served
as an Independent Non-executive Director and a member of the Audit Committee, the Remuneration
Committee and the Nomination Committee of our seventh session of the Board of Directors.

Ms. Liang Shuang (梁爽), aged 53, is a senior economist with a postgraduate degree in economic
management. She started her career in August 1992 and has over 30 years of work and management
experience in China’s civil aviation industry. Ms. Liang joined Accounting Centre of China Aviation* (中國航空
結算中心, currently Accounting Centre of China Aviation Limited Company* (中國航空結算有限責任公司)) in
December 1998. From November 2004 to February 2010, Ms. Liang served as the deputy general manager of
the Human Resources Department of the Accounting Centre of China Aviation* (中國航空結算中心) and
presided over the work. From February 2010 to August 2013, Ms. Liang served as deputy head of the office of
the Company. From August 2013 to January 2014, Ms. Liang served as temporary deputy secretary of the
party committee, temporary secretary of the disciplinary inspection committee and chairman of the labor
union of the operation centre of the Company. From January 2014 to October 2016, Ms. Liang served as
temporary deputy secretary of the party committee, temporary secretary of the disciplinary inspection
committee, chairman of the labor union and deputy general manager of the operation centre of the
Company. From October 2016 to January 2021, Ms. Liang served as secretary of the disciplinary inspection
committee, chairman of the labor union and deputy general manager of the operation centre of the
Company. Since October 2017, Ms. Liang has been a member of the disciplinary inspection committee of
China TravelSky Holding Company* (中國民航信息集團公司) and the Company. Since August 2020, she served
as the director of labor union office of China TravelSky Holding Company and the Company. Since January
2022, she served as the vice-president of the full-time labor union of China TravelSky Holding Company and
the Company. From January 2020 to 17 January 2024, Ms. Liang served as the employee representative
supervisor of the Company. Since 23 January 2025, Ms. Liang served as the employee representative director
of the seventh session of the Board of the Company.




                                                                                                         261
TravelSky Technology Limited




BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND COMPANY SECRETARY
As of the latest practicable date April 11, 2025 before the issue date of this report



SUPERVISORS
Mr. Zhang Xin, aged 44, graduated from Beijing Jiaotong University with a master’s degree in Safety
Technology and Engineering. In July 2005, he joined the system support department of the operation center
of the Company, and is engaged in the operation and maintenance work. He is currently a senior engineer.
Mr. Zhang has been serving as the staff representative supervisor of the seventh session of the Supervisory
Committee of the Company since January 2024.

Mr. Bai Bin, aged 45, graduated from Dongbei University of Finance and Economics, majoring in
E-commerce. Mr. Bai has been the deputy general manager of the Information Technology Department of
Hainan Airlines Holding Co., Ltd. (listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, stock code: 601800) since April
2022. From December 2019 to April 2022, Mr. Bai served as the assistant director of Digital Transformation
Office and the executive deputy general manager of the Aviation Digitalization Department of eKing
Technology Co., Ltd. (listed on NEEQ, stock code: 831608); From August 2020 to June 2022, he served as a
director of eKing Technology Co., Ltd.; From March 2015 to November 2019, he served as the deputy general
manager of the Information Technology Department and the manager of the Planning and Standard Quality
Center of Hainan Airlines Holding Co., Ltd.; From March 2012 to March 2015, he served as the deputy
general manager of the Information Technology Department and the deputy general manager of the General
Management Department of Jinhai Heavy Industry Co., Ltd. Since June 2023, he served as a shareholder
representative supervisor of the seventh session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company.

Mr. Lyu Wei, aged 54, graduated from Nanjing University, majoring in science and technology archives, and
holds a master’s degree in business administration from Xiamen University (on-the-job education). Mr. Lyu
worked in the personnel and labor department of Xiamen Airlines from August 1995 to April 2007, and
served as deputy section chief of the personnel and labor department, deputy manager of administration,
business manager and manager of the labor office. From April 2007 to July 2014, Mr. Lyu served as deputy
general manager of the training center and deputy general manager of the training department of Xiamen
Airlines. From July 2014 to June 2019, he served as the general manager and deputy secretary of the party
branch of Xiamen Airlines Culture Media Co. Ltd. From June 2019 to July 2020, Mr. Lyu served as the
general manager and deputy secretary of the party branch of the Information Department (Xiamen Airlines
Information Research Institute) of Xiamen Airlines. From July 2020 to present, he serves as General Manager
and Deputy Secretary of Party Committee of Digital Committee and Director of Xiamen Airlines Information
Research Institute of Xiamen Airlines Ltd. Since January 2025, Mr. Lyu served as a shareholder
representative supervisor of the seventh session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company.


SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Mr. Liu Xianqing, aged 57, is a chief senior accountant. He graduated from Renmin University of China,
majoring in trade economics, and held an executive master degree of business administration from
Zhongnan University of Economics and Law. Mr. Liu was engaged in financial management in Beijing General
Research Institute of Mining & Metallurgy (北京礦冶研究總院) from 1989 to December 2017, during which he
served as the Director of the Department of Finance, a member of the Party Committee and chief
accountant. He served as a member of the Party Committee and the chief accountant of BGRIMM Technology
Group Co., Ltd. (北京礦冶科技集團有限公司) from December 2017 to June 2018. He also served as a member
of the Party Committee and the chief accountant of China GRINM Group Corporation Limited (中國有研科技
集團有限公司) from June 2018 to August 2024. Since August 2024, he has been a member of the Standing
Committee of the Party Committee of China TravelSky Holding Company Limited (中國民航信息集團有限公司)
and the Company. Since September 2024, he has been the chief accountant of the Company.


262
                                                                                           Annual Report 2024




              BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND COMPANY SECRETARY
                          As of the latest practicable date April 11, 2025 before the issue date of this report



Mr. Li Jinsong, aged 55, a vice general manager and the chief financial officer of the Company, is a senior
engineer. He graduated from Tsinghua University and holds a bachelor degree of engineering, master degree
of business administration and a doctor of philosophy degree in law from Tsinghua University. He is currently
a certified public accountant, lawyer and an arbitrator of the Beijing Arbitration Commission. Mr. Li served as
a business manager of the Investment Management Department of China Huaqing Industrial Corporation* (中
國華輕實業公司) from August 1990 to September 1995, the general manager of Liaoning Huaqing Inc.* (遼寧
華輕實業有限責任公司) from September 1995 to September 2000, and the assistant to general manager of
China Huaqing Industrial Corporation from September 2000 to March 2002. He served as a certified public
accountant of Xinhua Accounting Firm* (新華會計師事務所) from March 2002 to February 2004, and served as
associate professor and a member of the Academic Committee of Beijing National Accounting Institute from
February 2004 to March 2007 (during this period, he was also a research scholar at the London School of
Economics and Political Science). In March 2007, he held the position of general counsel of China TravelSky
Holding Company. From August 2007 to December 2008, he also served as the general manager of
Department of Corporate Audit Monitoring and Law Affairs* (公司審計監察與法律事務部) of China TravelSky
Holding Company. From December 2008 to March 2014, Mr. Li has been the general counsel of the
Company. Mr. Li served as the chief accountant of China Academy of Machinery Science and Technology* (機
械科學研究總院) from March 2014 to September 2016. Since September 2016, Mr. Li has been serving as a
member of the standing committee of Communist Party Committee of China TravelSky Holding Company
Limited and the Company. Since November 2016, Mr. Li has been serving as the vice general manager, the
chief financial officer and the chief accountant of the Company.

Mr. Liang Haifeng, aged 53, a vice general manager of the Company, is a senior engineer. He graduated from
Beijing University of Technology with a double bachelor degree in engineering and management. From July
1995 to April 2001, Mr. Liang Haifeng worked in the China Civil Aviation Computer Center (now known as
China TravelSky Holding Company Limited, one of the promoters of the Company). He successively worked in
the Operation department, reservation department and marketing department of the Company. Ministry work.
From November 2004 to February 2010, Mr. Liang served as the deputy general manager of the company’s
global distribution business department. From February 2010 to March 2017, Mr. Liang served as the general
manager of the Company’s aviation business department. From September 2016 to September 2017, Mr.
Liang served as the Company’s The deputy general manager of the R&D center (in charge of work), and
concurrently served as the party secretary of the R&D center of the Company from November 2016 to March
2019. Mr. Liang served as the general manager of the Company’s R&D center from September 2017 to July
2020, and concurrently served as the deputy secretary to the party committee of the Company’s R&D center
from March 2019 to July 2020, and he has been serving as a member of the standing committee of
Communist Party Committee of China TravelSky Holding Company Limited since June 2020. Since August
2020, Mr. Liang has been serving as the vice general manager of the Company.




                                                                                                          263
TravelSky Technology Limited




BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND COMPANY SECRETARY
As of the latest practicable date April 11, 2025 before the issue date of this report



COMPANY SECRETARY
Mr. Yu Xiaochun, aged 57, the company secretary of the Company (secretary to the Board), received a
bachelor’s degree from Beihang University majoring in management engineering and obtained a master’s
degree in management from Beihang University in 2002. Since joining China Civil Aviation Computer
Information Center, the predecessor of China TravelSky Holding Company (one of the promoters of the
Company), in July 1989, Mr. Yu has nearly 30 years of experience in China’s civil aviation industry. Mr. Yu was
the deputy director of the marketing department of China Civil Aviation Computer Information Center from
July 1999 to October 2000. From October 2000 (when the Company was established) to December 2002, he
held various positions in the Company such as the deputy director of the Marketing Department, the general
manager of the DCS Department* (離港部) and the deputy general manager of the Marketing Department.
From December 2002 to July 2009, Mr. Yu was the general manager of the planning and development
department of China TravelSky Holding Company, a promoter of the Company. From July 2009 to March
2013, he was the head of the Planning and Development Department of the Company. Since March 2010, Mr.
Yu served as a joint company secretary and secretary to the Board of the Company. Since June 2013, Mr. Yu
has served as the company secretary and secretary to the Board of the Company. From January 2020 to
June 2020, Mr. Yu concurrently served as the lead person in charge of the information service department
(preparation) and temporary person in charge of the party organization of the company. Since May 2020, Mr.
Yu has been serving as the assistant to the general manager of the company.




264
                                                                                         Annual Report 2024




                                                       CORPORATE INFORMATION
                        As of the latest practicable date April 11, 2025 before the issue date of this report



BOARD
The seventh session of the Board of the Company established by election by shareholders on February 27,
2020 comprises:

Huang Rongshun             Chairman, Executive Director (appointed on August 5, 2021) and
                             General Manager
Sun Yuquan                 Non-executive Director (appointed on January 25, 2024)
Qu Guangji                 Non-executive Director (appointed on January 25, 2024)
Xi Sheng                   Non-executive Director (appointed on February 27, 2020)
Liu Zehong                 Independent Non-executive Director (appointed on September 1, 2022)
Chan Wing Tak Kevin        Independent Non-executive Director (appointed on September 1, 2022)
Xu Hongzhi                 Independent Non-executive Director (appointed on September 1, 2022)
Liang Shuang               Employee Representative Director (appointed on January 23, 2025)

AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE (SUPERVISION COMMITTEE)
Chan Wing Tak Kevin        Chief Member (Chairman) (appointed on September 1, 2022)
Liu Zehong                 Member (appointed on September 1, 2022)
Xu Hongzhi                 Member (appointed on September 1, 2022)

REMUNERATION AND EVALUATION COMMITTEE
Liu Zehong                 Chief Member (Chairman) (appointed on September 1, 2022)
Chan Wing Tak Kevin        Member (appointed on September 1, 2022)
Xu Hongzhi                 Member (appointed on September 1, 2022)

NOMINATION COMMITTEE
Huang Rongshun             Chief Member (Chairman) (appointed on August 5, 2021)
Liu Zehong                 Member (appointed on September 1, 2022)
Xu Hongzhi                 Member (appointed on September 1, 2022)

STRATEGY AND INVESTMENT COMMITTEE (LEGAL COMPLIANCE
COMMITTEE)
Huang Rongshun             Chief Member (Chairman) (appointed on August 5, 2021)
Sun Yuquan                 Member (appointed on January 25, 2024)
Qu Guangji                 Member (appointed on January 25, 2024)
Xi Sheng                   Member (appointed on February 27, 2020)
Liu Zehong                 Member (appointed on January 18, 2023)

DIRECTOR RESIGNED INCLUDING HIS RESPECTIVE DUTY IN THE
SPECIAL COMMITTEE
Zhao Xiaohang              Non-executive Director (appointed on June 27, 2019, resigned on
                             January 25, 2024), Member of the Strategy Committee (appointed on
                             June 27, 2019, resigned on January 25, 2024)
Luo Laijun                 Non-executive Director (appointed on February 27, 2020, resigned on
                             January 25, 2024), Member of the Strategy Committee (appointed on
                             February 27, 2020, resigned on January 25, 2024)


                                                                                                        265
TravelSky Technology Limited




CORPORATE INFORMATION
As of the latest practicable date April 11, 2025 before the issue date of this report



SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE
The seventh session of the Supervisory Committee established by election by shareholders on February 27,
2020 (except for the employee representative supervisor) comprises:

Zhang Xin                        Employee Representative Supervisor (appointed by the employee representative
                                   meeting of the Company on January 17, 2024)
Lyu Wei                          Supervisor (appointed on January 23, 2025)
Bai Bin                          Supervisor (appointed on June 15, 2023)

SUPERVISORS RESIGNED
Liang Shuang                     Employee Representative Supervisor (appointed by the employee representative
                                   meeting of the Company on January 9, 2020, resigned on January 17, 2024)
Yang Jun                         Supervisor (appointed on June 16, 2022, resigned on January 23, 2025)

SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Huang Rongshun                   General Manager（appointed on April 29, 2022）, Chairman, Executive Director
Liu Xianqing                     Chief Accountant (appointed on September 29, 2024)
Li Jinsong                       Vice General Manager (appointed on November 14, 2016)
Liang Haifeng                    Vice General Manager (appointed on August 27, 2020)
Yu Xiaochun                      Company Secretary (Secretary to the Board, appointed on March 16, 2010)

SENIOR MANAGEMENT RESIGNED
Wang Jinping                     Vice General Manager (appointed on August 27, 2020, resigned on
                                    January 31, 2024)
Yuan Leifeng                     Vice General Manager (appointed on July 23, 2020, resigned on
                                    January 20, 2025)

REGISTERED ADDRESS
7 Yu Min Da Street, Houshayu Town, Shunyi District
Beijing 101308, PRC


PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
Room 3606, 36/F, China Resources Building
26 Harbour Road, Wanchai
Hong Kong
Note: With effect from April 30, 2025, the place of business in Hong Kong will be changed to Room 2201-05, 22/F., China Resources
      Building, 26 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong.


PLACE OF LISTING
The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
Stock Code: 00696




266
                                                                                           Annual Report 2024




                                                                                   CORPORATE INFORMATION
                          As of the latest practicable date April 11, 2025 before the issue date of this report



HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Shops 1712–16, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong


DEPOSITARY OF SPONSORED LEVEL I AMERICAN DEPOSITARY RECEIPT
PROGRAMME
The Bank of New York Mellon

Shareholder correspondence:
BNY Mellon Shareowner Services
P.O. Box 43006
Providence RI 02940–3078

Overnight Correspondence:
BNY Mellon Shareowner Services
150 Royall St., Suite 101
Canton, MA 02021

Tel. +1 888–269–2377 (toll-free number in the U.S.)
Tel. +1 201 680 6825 (international)
www.mybnymdr.com


AUDITOR
BDO China SHU LUN PAN Certified Public Accountants LLP
Room 1410, Fanli Building,
No. 22 Chaoyangmenwai Street,
Chaoyang District, Beijing 100020,
PRC

According to the Financial Reporting Council Ordinance (Cap 588) of Hong Kong effective on October 1, 2019,
BDO China SHU LUN PAN Certified Public Accountants LLP engaged by the Company is a recognised PRC
auditor.


LEGAL ADVISERS
as to Hong Kong law:
Baker & McKenzie
14th Floor, One Taikoo Place,
979 King’s Road, Quarry Bay, Hong Kong

as to the PRC law:
Commerce & Finance Law Offices
12–14/F China World Tower 2,
No.1 Jianguomenwai Ave, Beijing


                                                                                                          267
TravelSky Technology Limited




CORPORATE INFORMATION
As of the latest practicable date April 11, 2025 before the issue date of this report



PUBLIC RELATIONS CONSULTANT
Ever Bloom (HK) Communications Consultants Group Limited
10/F, 80 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong
Tel: 852–3468 8171
Fax: 852–2111 1103
Email: travelsky.list@everbloom.com.cn


CONTACT DETAILS FOR INVESTORS
Board office
Postal address:   TravelSky High-Tech Industrial Park, Houshayu Town, Shunyi District, Beijing 101318, PRC
Telephone:        (8610) 5765 0696
Facsimile:        (8610) 5765 0695
Email:            ir@travelsky.com.cn
Website:          www.travelskyir.com

COMPANY’S WEBSITES
Website of consolidated information of the Company:
www.travelsky.cn

Website established in accordance with Rule 2.07C(6)(a) of the Listing Rules:
www.travelskyir.com

You may obtain the English and Chinese versions of the financial reports, announcements, circulars,
operation data and results presentation of the Company through this website.




268
                                                                                                     75S
                                                                                                               YS T
                                                                                                                             EM
                                                                                                                                    IN
                                                                                                                                            TE
                                                                                                                                                      GR
                                                                                                                                                           AT
                                                                                                                        51                                    I   O
                                                                                                                                                                      N
                                                                                                                                  HO
                                                                                                                                          ST




                                                                                                                                                                           PR
                                                                                                                                                      AI




                                                                                                                                                                            O
                                                                                                                                                                                JE
                                                                                                                                                                      W
                                                                                                                                                          R




                                                                                                                                                                                  CT
                                                                                                                                                           LI

                                                                                                                                                                       OR
                                                                                                                                                               NE



                                                                                                                                                                                    S
                                                                                                  15




                                                                                                                                                                                      ON
                                                                                                                                                                             LD
                                                                                                          5




                                                                                                                                                                  S
                                                                                                                                  2
                                                                                                              SY




                                                                                                                                       6




                                                                                                                                                                                  ’S
                                                                                                                S




                                                                                                                                                                                          NE
                                                                                                                                             0
                                                                                                                                                  DO




                                                                                                                                                                                  TO
                                                                                                                     TE




                                                                                                                                                                                                 WA
                                                                                                                             M



                                                                                                                                                          ME




                                                                                                                                                                                     P


                                                                                                                                                                                                                      WO R
                                                                                                                             IN




                                                                                                                                                                                                         IRPO
                                                                                                                                                                                       3 LAR
                                                                                                                                                           ST I
                                                                                                                                 TE
                                                                                                          1



                                                                                                                                  GRA



                                                                                                                                                               C AIR
                                                                                                          82




                                                                                                                                                                                                               RT S

                                                                                                                                                                                                                      L D ’ S L A R G E ST B
                                                                                                                                                                                       G E S T AV I AT I O N
                                                                                                                                     TION PROJECT
                                                                                                              OV E R S E A




                                                                                                                                                                P O RT S
                                                                                                                                                                           OV E
                                                                                                           AIR




                                                                                                                                                                  R 4
                                                                                                          PO



                                                                                                                                                  S
                                                                                                     RT




                                                                                                                             UN




                                                                                                                                                                                      PR
                                                                                                 S




                                                                                                                                                                      00
                                                                                                                                D




                                                                                                                                                                                                                      S
                                                                                                                                                                                  OC
                                                                                                                         ER




                                                                                                                                                                                                               PD
                                                                                                                                                               LIN
                                                                                                              CO




                                                                                                                                                                                  S  E
                                                                                                NS




                                                                                                                                                                                                                  AT E
                                                                                                                                                           K



                                                                                                                                                                                SIN
                                                                                                  TR




                                                                                                                                                          ED
                                                                                                    UCT
                                                                                          ION




                                                                                                                                                                                                               P
                                                                                                                                                                             G
                                                                                                                                                AI




                                                                                                                                                                                               RO
                                                                                                                                            R




                                                                                                                                                                           S
                                                                                                                                       LI




                                                                                                                                                                      YS
                                                                                                                                 NE




                                                                                                                                                                                                  C
                                                                                                                                                                         T



                                                                                                                                                                                       ES
                                                                                                                             S




                                                                                                                                                                EM



                                                                                                                                                                                    SI
                         C147690                                                                                                                          FO




                                                                                                                                                                                  G    N
                                                                                                                                                      R
                                                                                                                                             8




                                                                                                                                                                                C
                                                                                                                                  CO                                       EN
Tel:        (8610) 5765 0696                                                                                                 NS                                       TE
                                                                     Annual Report 2024




                                                                                                                  EC                                              R
Fax:        (8610) 5765 0695
                                                                                                          UT I
                                                                                                 VE YE
                                                                                          A RS
Email:      ir@travelsky.com.cn    (Contact details for investors)

Address:    TravelSky High-Tech Industrial Park, Houshayu Town,
            Shunyi District, Beijing, PRC
Postal Code: 101318
                                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                   2024
Website:    www.travelskyir.com
