ANNUAL REPORT

2025
CORPORATE PROFILE
TravelSky Technology Limited (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) is a
comprehensive smart information service enterprise in China’s aviation and travel industry, a national
team for the operation and service of critical information infrastructure, a key force of the digital ecological
network for aviation and travel, and an important technological force for national strategies. The Group
possesses a leading technological innovation system in the field of aviation and travel information services,
undertaking the important mission of supporting the national strategy of building a strong transportation
nation, promoting the digital transformation of the aviation and travel industry, and serving the national
economy and people’s livelihood. It has established reservation, departure, distribution, settlement and
other important information systems that support the digital development of civil aviation.

The Company was incorporated in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC” or “China”) on October 18,
2000, and was listed on the main board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”)
(stock code: 00696) on February 7, 2001. On December 27, 2002, the American depositary shares under
the Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt Programme established by the Company commenced
trading on the U.S. over-the-counter market (OTC). The H shares of the Company have been added to the
lists of Hang Seng, MSCI important related indices, Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect and Shenzhen-Hong
Kong Stock Connect, etc.

As of December 31, 2025, the largest shareholder of the Company is China TravelSky Holding Company
Limited, which holds approximately 29.55% of the equity interest in the Company. A total of approximately
38.58% of the equity interest in the Company is held by 14 domestic shareholders, including China National
Aviation Holding Corporation Limited, China Mobile Capital Holding Co., Ltd., China Southern Air Holding
Company Limited and China Eastern Air Holding Company Limited. The remaining 31.87% of the equity
interest in the Company is held by holders of its H shares.

                         As of December 31, 2025, the Company has over 20 domestic subsidiaries in China,
                               including Accounting Centre of China Aviation Limited Company (“ACCA”),
                                 Cares Shenzhen Co., Ltd., Civil Aviation Cares of Qingdao Ltd., etc. The
                                 Company has overseas wholly-owned subsidiaries in many regions and
                                countries, including Hong Kong, Singapore, Ireland, etc., and holds equity
                              interests in over 10 associates, including Shanghai Civil Aviation East China
                            Cares System Integration Co., Ltd., Aviation Cares of Southwest Chengdu, Ltd.,
                          TravelSky Mobile Technology Limited, etc.
CONTENTS
Corporate Profile
Financial Highlights                                        2
Statement of the Board                                      3
Business Review                                             6
Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial
  Conditions and Results of Operations                     10
Corporate Governance Report                                19
Report of Directors                                        43
Auditors’ Report                                           72
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position and
  Statement of Financial Position of the Parent Company    78
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other
  Comprehensive Income and Statement of Profit
  or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income of
  the Parent Company                                       86
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows and Statement of
  Cash Flows of the Parent Company                         91
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders’
  Equity and Statement of Changes in Shareholders’
  Equity of the Parent Company                             96
Notes to the Financial Statements                         100
Biographies of Directors, Senior
  Management and Company Secretary                        274
Corporate Information                                     281
TravelSky Technology Limited




FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS


FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025
The audited financial statements of the Company are prepared in accordance with China Accounting Standards for Business
Enterprises (“CASBE”).


                                                            For the year ended December 31
                                              2021             2022            2023            2024            2025
                                           RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000
 Operating revenue                         5,476,177       5,210,106       6,983,847        8,823,023      8,765,840
 Total profit                                663,883         735,139       1,612,136        2,394,526      2,684,733
 Net profit attributable to
   shareholders of the parent                551,301         627,052       1,398,952        2,074,273      2,341,562
 Earnings per share
   (basic and diluted) (RMB)                     0.19            0.21            0.48            0.71            0.80


Note: Earnings per share were calculated on the basis of total number of shares in issue of the Company of 2,926,209,589
      shares as at December 31, 2025.


                                                                    As at December 31
                                              2021             2022            2023            2024            2025
                                           RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000
 Total assets                             24,111,139      25,237,623      27,500,129      29,694,646      33,190,595
 Total liabilities                         4,881,056       5,495,393       6,481,535       6,797,660       8,565,368
 Total equity                             19,230,083      19,742,230      21,018,594      22,896,986      24,625,228




2
                                                                                            Annual Report 2025




                                                        STATEMENT OF THE BOARD




      Jiang Bo
      Chairman and Executive Director




The year of 2025 stood as a critical year for the conclusion of the “14th Five-Year Plan” and the planning of
the “15th Five-Year Plan”. During the year, China’s economy continued to pick up and improve, the potential
of domestic demand was continuously released, and the high-quality development of the civil aviation
industry reached a new level, maintaining an overall trend of making steady progress with a steady and
positive development. The Company seized development opportunities, actively responded to challenges,
and scientifically promoted its layout, with the scale of operations growing steadily, and the profitability and
operational efficiency improving simultaneously, demonstrating good development resilience and vitality. The
net profit for the year represented a year-on-year increase of 13.0%; earnings per share represented a year-
on-year increase of 12.7%.

In 2025, the Group built a strong line of defense for safety, maintained the stable operation of safe production
for 19 consecutive years, and successfully completed the security operation guarantee tasks for the civil
aviation passenger information system during various events of significance, such as the Spring Festival
travel rush, the Asian Winter Games, the National Games and the Fourth Plenary Session of the 20th CPC
Central Committee. The Group focused on innovation-driven development, and was recognized as a National
Key Software Enterprise for 19 consecutive years. We comprehensively promoted the tackling of core
technologies, with achievements selected into the “Recommended Catalogue of Scientific and Technological
Innovation Achievements of Central SOEs”. We were approved for one national science and technology
project, awarded 15 technological awards at various levels, and granted 141 patents, including 110 invention
patents. Meanwhile, the Group improved the quality and efficiency of operations. The main businesses were
advanced solidly, and long-term agreements were successfully signed with multiple strategic customers,
marking a new stage of benign and sustainable development in cooperation with key customers. Moreover,




                                                                                                              3
TravelSky Technology Limited




STATEMENT OF THE BOARD




the Group vigorously expanded international businesses, responded to the national “Belt and Road Initiative”,
and supported the opening of international routes by domestic airlines, completing 147 implementations at
80 overseas stations throughout the year. We consolidated the foundation of reform. The market-oriented
incentive mechanism was continuously improved, with remuneration tilting towards core key talents and
grassroots frontline staff, and the modernization level of the governance system continued to improve.

2026 is a crucial year for ensuring a strong start and a solid beginning of the “15th Five-Year Plan”. The
Group will adopt “Reform and Transformation” as its operational theme, centering on the core requirements
of “laying a solid foundation, deepening reform, and achieving comprehensive transformation”. Efforts
will be concentrated on the following six aspects: Firstly, pursuing breakthroughs in core technologies
and intensifying efforts in capability enhancement. We will accelerate the development of the civil aviation
passenger service system and continuously enhance the core competitiveness of the Group. Secondly,
expanding core business operations to secure the value creation offensive. We will enhance our enabling
capabilities for the civil aviation market, prioritize the digital transformation of aviation and airport
operations, and actively position ourselves in the emerging low-altitude economy sector. We will also
accelerate the development and promotion of overseas versions of our mature products, and assist domestic
airlines in “going global” to expand their international market share. Thirdly, fortifying safety foundations
to secure the decisive victory in achieving lasting stability. We will strictly adhere to the red-line goals of
production safety and cybersecurity, promote the transformation of the safety governance model towards
“proactive early warning and real-time response”. We will enhance our self-reliance and control over critical
technologies and infrastructure, establish a full-lifecycle governance system for open-source software,
accelerate the shift towards intelligent operations and maintenance, and improve the disaster recovery
system planning of “three centers in two locations” to build a robust information security barrier for civil
aviation. Fourthly, implementing comprehensive lean management to advance the campaign for quality
enhancement and efficiency gains. Benchmarking against world-class enterprise management levels, we
will promote lean management across enterprise, capital, costs, procurement, and human resources.
Strengthening the value creation functions of the headquarters, we will establish a cost control system
for the entire value chain, build a strong echelon of scientific and technological talents, improve talent
evaluation and incentive mechanisms, implement the market-oriented exit system, and enhance all-factor
productivity. Fifthly, organizing structural adjustments to advance the reform deepening campaign. We will
coordinate reforms across the three major systems of market, R&D, and operation, deepen differentiated
reforms in our subsidiaries, streamline the functions of headquarters departments, and establish a new
headquarters model characterized by clear objectives and efficient collaboration. This will dismantle
functional silos, enhance organizational responsiveness to business needs, and stimulate the Company’s
intrinsic dynamism. Sixthly, advancing the Digital Aviation Information Construction to secure the momentum
shift. Anchoring the core direction of digital transformation, we will complete the Digital Aviation Information
Construction Plan under the “15th Five-Year Plan”, promote digital human resources transformation,
achieve financial penetration supervision and full integration of business and finance, and establish an
integrated digital platform for the market system. We will also deepen the integrated supervision of
procurement contracts, initiate the construction of smart parks, and comprehensively improve the level of
digital operations to facilitate the digital and intelligent transformation of the civil aviation industry.




4
                                                                                           Annual Report 2025




                                                                                   STATEMENT OF THE BOARD




Finally, on behalf of the Board, I would like to extend my gratitude to all shareholders, investors, customers,
and directors for their long-term trust and support! My thanks also go to all my colleagues in the Group
for their united efforts and relentless dedication! In the new year, the Group will continue to provide
higher-quality and more convenient services for the broad users in the civil aviation industry. We will
strive to establish ourselves as a world-class comprehensive intelligent information service enterprise for
aviation and travel, create greater value for shareholders and the society, and contribute greater strength
to composing a new chapter in the development of civil aviation in a country with strong transportation
network!




                                                                                                             5
TravelSky Technology Limited




BUSINESS REVIEW

In 2025, despite prevailing uncertainties in the international landscape, China’s economy forged ahead
under pressure, pursuing renewed and enhanced development. The civil aviation industry maintained an
overall trend of making steady progress with a steady and positive development, laying a solid foundation
for the business development of the Group. Capitalizing on industry opportunities, the Group strengthened
its core capabilities and enhanced its competitive edge, ensuring steady and orderly advancement across all
business operations.

Aviation Information Platform Services
The Group provides electronic travel distribution (“ETD”) services (including inventory control system (“ICS”)
services and computer reservation system (“CRS”) services) and airport passenger processing system
(“APP”) services, as well as information technology services related to the above core businesses to 41
Chinese airlines and over 400 foreign and regional airlines. Meanwhile, the Group achieved direct links and
high-level networking to all Global Distribution Systems (“GDSs”) around the world and 133 foreign and
regional airlines.

In 2025, the ETD system of the Group processed data of approximately 767.0 million passengers for domestic
and international airlines, marking a year-on-year growth of about 4.7% compared to the same period in
2024, in which the system processed about 4.9% year-on-year more data of passengers for Chinese airlines
and about 4.7% year-on-year less data of passengers for foreign and regional airlines.

In 2025, in terms of aviation logistics information services, the Group promoted and upgraded products such
as airport cargo terminal production systems and airport cargo security information systems, and finished
the launch of airport cargo terminal production systems at 8 airports and airport cargo security inspection
systems at 16 airports.




6
                                                                                          Annual Report 2025




                                                                                          BUSINESS REVIEW




Accounting, Settlement and Clearing Services
The Group provided accounting, settlement and clearing services, information system development and
support services and air travel financial services to airlines and other aviation corporations through
Accounting Centre of China Aviation Company Limited (“ACCA”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company,
which strongly strengthened the industry chain for the Group’s information technology business in the air
transportation and travel industry. Apart from being the world’s largest service provider of IATA Billing
and Settlement Plan (BSP) Information Processing and the only Information Processing Software service
provider, ACCA is also the leading service provider of outsourced services and system products services in
revenue management and provider of emerging air travel finance in the civil aviation industry in the PRC, its
major customers including domestic passenger and cargo airlines, overseas and regional airlines, domestic
airports, government organizations and IATA.

In 2025, there were approximately 1,308.0 million transactions processed with the Group’s accounting,
settlement and clearing system, representing a year-on-year increase of 3.5%. Revenue from agency
settlement for passengers, cargo and mail transport, miscellaneous fees, and international and domestic
clearing fees exceeded RMB73.16 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 10.0%. The Group was
dedicated to consolidating and expanding the new market of the accounting, settlement and clearing
services, with a strong focus on the application of new technologies. The third-generation passenger
revenue management platform that complies with the technical standards of IATA New Distribution
Capabilities (“NDC”) and ONE ORDER has been continuously optimized, while being successfully put into
operation for 6 airlines, further supporting innovative business processes such as real-time settlement and
order settlement. The International Passenger Revenue Accounting (“IPRA”) system deepened integration
with the mainstream ERP system (“SAP”) ecosystem of overseas airlines, reinforcing its dominant position
in settlement systems.

Airport Digitalization Services
In 2025, the Group continued to explore approaches to empowering the smart transformation of airports
through technology and supporting the development of local economies through innovation. We continued
to deepen the construction of airport digitalization, with our comprehensive smart airport digitalization
projects put into operation at 9 airports with an annual passenger throughput of over 10 million, including
Guangzhou, Chongqing, Xi’an and Urumqi. The smart airport middle platform was promoted to 18 airports
with an annual passenger throughput of over 10 million. The smart travel platform based on facial
recognition was launched at 52 airports nationwide, and the Radio Frequency Identification (RFID)-based
end-to-end luggage tracking system has been extended to over 90 airports. We continued to deepen transit
passenger services, and the “Civil Aviation Transit Passenger Service Platform” has been put into operation
at over 250 airports. We innovated the “Link the trunk and branch, connect urban and remote” service
model and launched the innovative through-check-in service for “Multiple Airports in One City”, successfully
creating a new model for cross-airline transits. We reached a strategic cooperation with Singapore Changi
Airport on a Self Bag Drop services platform, assisting domestic airlines in “going global” through a unified
channel for the first time and creating a new model for globalization.




                                                                                                           7
TravelSky Technology Limited




BUSINESS REVIEW




Aviation Travel Intelligent Products and Services
In 2025, the Group continued to enhance Aviation Travel Intelligent Products and Services, with an aim
to fulfill the demand of airlines for travel convenience, auxiliary services, e-commerce and international
services. The Travel Retail Platform (TRP) for airlines supported the customer-centered business model of
airlines, providing stable support for the digital transformation of 19 airlines. The Airlines Total Operation
Management System (ATOMS) covered 7 airlines and was put into operation at over 50 terminals, effectively
enhancing operational efficiency and service assurance levels.

In 2025, the Group seized tightly the new opportunities in the construction of digital China and the
development of the low-altitude economy to promote the deep integration of the digital economy and the
real economy. We secured contracts with over 10 customers for our data intelligence application products
and data governance solutions. We accelerated the plan of low-altitude economy and established strategic
cooperation for the low-altitude economy with key enterprises in various regions. The self-developed
“Manned-Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Cooperative System” was successfully put into operation at Xinjiang
Shihezi and Yunnan Wenshan airports, completing the first-ever integrated flight verification at transport
airports.

In 2025, in terms of innovative business and artificial intelligence applications, we took the lead in
formulating international blockchain standards and built an innovative business foundation based on the
“Air Travel Chain” and digital Renminbi service platform, serving a total of 53 customers. The vertical large
models such as “Qihang (啟航)” and “Gongxiang Ruixing (共翔睿行)” have been promoted and applied.

Information Network and Digital Infrastructure Services
In 2025, the Group’s information network services reached 32 overseas countries and regions. The
distribution system front-end has achieved full coverage of approximately 2,900 domestic and overseas
agents, realizing a historic leap from “black screen” to “white screen”. We promoted the construction of
a paperless reimbursement ecosystem for itineraries, successfully completing the replacement of paper
with electronics for ticket itineraries across the entire domestic market, and opening up the “last mile” of
digitalization for the entire chain from flight booking to reimbursement. The Group continued to consolidate
the construction of digital infrastructure, expanded cross-industry data center value-added service business,
and secured contracts with 9 customers during the year.




8
                                                                                          Annual Report 2025




                                                                                           BUSINESS REVIEW




Safe Operation
The Group’s infrastructure serves the sustainable development of its business, the objectives of which are
to ensure safety in production, satisfy the needs of business development, and strive to realize the safety,
efficiency and low consumption of infrastructure by making full use of existing technologies, and commercial
and management instruments, so as to achieve the sustainable development of business. Through the
establishment of a safe production accountability system, the Group continuously consolidated the safety
foundation, comprehensively built a modern safety system with corresponding capabilities, and secured
overall stable performance in safety throughout the year, which laid a solid foundation for the high-quality
development of the enterprise and the safety of national civil aviation.

In 2025, the Group actively fulfilled its social responsibilities by continuously enhancing the stability of
core systems, intelligent operations and maintenance, and security capabilities. We continued to expand
data center resources, providing a solid foundation for the expansion of key businesses, the construction
of disaster recovery capabilities, and innovative exploration. We advanced the construction of 5G virtual
private networks, with 5G private networks put into operation at 160 airports. Furthermore, we strengthened
the management and control of departure network lines and completed the transformation of the network
architecture, significantly enhancing the security and safety level of airport networks.

Technological Innovation
In 2025, the Group spearheaded independent innovation in critical technologies, supported by major
scientific projects and innovation platforms, steadily advancing in technological self-reliance and the deep
integration of scientific innovation and industrial innovation. We focused on fostering strategic emerging
industries, undertaking the “Central State-owned Enterprise AI+ Special Action”, and developed and
registered vertical large models such as “Qihang (啟航)” and “Gongxiang Ruixing (共翔睿行)”. Deepening
industrial synergy ecosystem development, we actively participated in several innovation consortiums
of central state-owned enterprises, and were among the first to join the Transportation Foundation
Model Innovation and Industrial Alliance, deepening cooperation through our status as council members.
Dedicated to building green practice benchmarks, the Group introduced photovoltaic power generation and
participated in green electricity trading, marking the Group’s first renewable energy utilization breakthrough
in Beijing. Additionally, the “Green and Intelligent Data Center Operation Practice” was included in the
National Development and Reform Commission’s List of Energy-Saving Technologies and Practices to be
Recommended for International ‘Top Ten’ Recognition 《中國擬推薦參與國際“雙十佳”評選的節能技術和節能
                                                          (
實踐清單》      ).




                                                                                                            9
TravelSky Technology Limited




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
For the ease of having brief understanding in the situation of the Company, we have selected some key
indicators which can reflect the profitability, solvency and cash liquidity of the Company, to comprehensively
reflect the financial position and operating results of the Company. The following discussion and analysis
should be read in conjunction with the financial information contained in the audited financial statements
of the Group (together with the notes thereto) prepared according to CASBE reproduced in this report. The
following discussions on the summary of historical results do not represent a prediction as to the future
business operations of the Group.

SUMMARY OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS IN YEAR 2025
The revenue and operating results of the Group mainly came from the Group’s operations in the PRC.
For Year 2025, profit before taxation of the Group was approximately RMB2,684.7 million, representing an
increase of approximately 12.1% over that for the year ended December 31, 2024 (“Year 2024”). Net profit
attributable to shareholders of the parent company was approximately RMB2,341.6 million, representing an
increase of approximately 12.9% over that in Year 2024.

The basic and diluted earnings per share of the Group in Year 2025 were RMB0.80.

TOTAL REVENUE
The total revenue of the Group in Year 2025 amounted to approximately RMB8,765.8 million, representing a
decrease of approximately RMB57.2 million, or 0.6%, from approximately RMB8,823.0 million in Year 2024.
The decrease in total revenue is reflected as follows:

•    Aviation information platform services revenue (including “aviation information technology services”
     and “data service income”, “logistics business income”within “other income” disclosed in previous
     years) accounted for 52.7% of the Group’s total revenue in Year 2025, as compared to 51.3% for Year
     2024. Aviation information platform service revenue increased by 2.0% from RMB4,526.9 million in
     Year 2024 to RMB4,616.0 million in Year 2025. The main source of the revenue was electronic travel
     distribution services provided by the Group to airlines. The increase of the revenue was mainly due to
     the year-on-year increase in the total processing volume of the system.

•    Accounting, settlement and clearing services revenue (including “accounting, settlement and clearing
     services”and “payment business income”, “factoring business income” within “other income” disclosed
     in previous years) accounted for 10.0% of the Group’s total revenue in Year 2025, as compared to 9.2%
     for Year 2024. Accounting, settlement and clearing services revenue increased by 8.4% from RMB807.5
     million in Year 2024 to RMB875.5 million in Year 2025. The main source of the revenue was accounting,
     settlement and clearing services provided by the Group to third parties including airlines, airports,
     agencies and government bodies, etc. The increase of the revenue was primarily due to the year-on-
     year increase in the volume of accounting, settlement and clearing business.

•    Airport digitalization services revenue (disclosed as “system integration service revenue” in previous
     years) accounted for 17.1% of the Group’s total revenue in Year 2025, as compared to 21.4% for Year
     2024. Airport digitalization service revenue decreased by 20.8% from RMB1,887.7 million in Year 2024 to
     RMB1,495.4 million in Year 2025. The main sources of the revenue were airport digitalization services
     provided by the Group to airport-related clients. The decrease of the revenue was primarily due to the
     year-on-year decrease in the number and amount of projects that met the conditions for completion
     and acceptance.

10
                                                                                          Annual Report 2025




       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




•   Aviation Travel Intelligent Products and Services revenue (disclosed as “Income from technical support
    and products” in previous years) accounted for 12.7% of the Group’s total revenue in Year 2025, as
    compared to 10.6% for Year 2024. Aviation Travel Intelligent Products and Services revenue increased
    by 18.8% from RMB936.8 million in Year 2024 to RMB1,112.7 million in Year 2025. This revenue was
    derived from the intelligent products and services provided by the Group to airlines, airports, agents
    and non-industry customers. The increase of the revenue was mainly due to the increase in demand for
    IT services from customers and product expansion.

•   Information network and digital infrastructure services revenue (including “data network service”
    and “income from leasing, operation and maintenance service”within “other income” disclosed in
    previous years) accounted for 7.5% of the Group’s total revenue in Year 2025, as compared to 7.5%
    for Year 2024. Information network and digital infrastructure service revenue decreased by 0.3% from
    RMB661.8 million in Year 2024 to RMB659.9 million in Year 2025. The main source of the revenue was
    the distribution information network service provided by the Group to agencies. The decrease of the
    revenue was mainly due to the recovery of some leased-out machine rooms for self-use.

TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES
The total operating expenses of the Group in Year 2025 amounted to RMB6,333.1 million, representing a
decrease of RMB120.4 million or 1.9%, as compared to RMB6,453.5 million for Year 2024. The changes in
total operating expenses are reflected as follows:

•   Staff costs increased by 4.9% mainly due to the year-on-year increase in staff remuneration and social
    security funds and housing provident funds of the Group;

•   Depreciation and amortization decreased by 27.6% mainly due to the completion of depreciation and
    amortisation of certain fixed assets and intangible assets of the Group;

•   Cost of hardware and software for airport digitalization (disclosed as “cost of integrated business
    sales” in previous years) decreased by 14.4% mainly due to the year-on-year decrease in the number
    and amount of projects that met the conditions for completion and acceptance, and the recognition of
    costs of hardware and software for airport digitalization in the same period as the airport digitalization
    service revenue;

•   Technical support and maintenance fees increased by 5.5% mainly due to the year-on-year increase in
    business demand of the Group; and

•   Departure and distribution support fees increased by 10.9% mainly due to the year-on-year increase in
    departure service support fees.

As a result of the above-mentioned changes in revenue and total operating costs, the operating profit of
the Group increased by approximately RMB303.9 million, or approximately 12.7%, from approximately
RMB2,402.5 million in Year 2024 to approximately RMB2,706.4 million in Year 2025.

CREDIT IMPAIRMENT LOSSES
The Group’s credit impairment loss was RMB-35.3 million in 2025, mainly due to the improvement in the
collection of payments from certain customers and a certain decrease in the balance of provision for bad
debts of trade receivables as compared to the end of Year 2024.


                                                                                                          11
TravelSky Technology Limited




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




CORPORATE INCOME TAX
Under the Corporate Income Tax Law of the People’s Republic of China (the “CIT Law”), the statutory
enterprise income tax rate for companies in the PRC is generally 25%. Pursuant to the relevant regulations,
enterprises recognized as the “High and New Technology Enterprise” are entitled to a preferential corporate
income tax rate of 15% under the Enterprise Income Tax Law. The Company was approved and certified by
relevant authorities as a “High and New Technology Enterprise” since its establishment and has undergone
reviews pursuant to the relevant regulatory requirements to maintain the status as a “High and New
Technology Enterprise”. Following the latest review completed in November 2023, the Company has been
granted a renewal of its “High and New Technology Enterprise” status, and confirmed to be entitled to the
preferential corporate income tax rate of 15% from Year 2023 to Year 2025 as a “High and New Technology
Enterprise”. Hence, the Company has calculated the expenses on corporate income tax for Year 2025 using
the preferential tax rate of 15%.

In addition to the recognised identification of “High and New Technology Enterprise” and entitlement of
a preferential income tax rate of 15%, if an enterprise is approved and certified by relevant regulatory
authorities as the “Key Software Enterprise”, it can further enjoy a preferential tax rate of 10%. According to
the relevant regulations, the difference between the tax amount paid at the rate of 15% and the tax amount
calculated at the preferential corporate income tax rate of 10% will be refunded to the relevant enterprises
after the relevant period, and will be correspondingly reflected in the profit or loss account of the enterprise
when it is refunded. The Company obtained the certificate for “Key Software Enterprise” from Year 2006 to
Year 2024.

For details of corporate income tax of the Group for Year 2025, please see Note 4 to the consolidated
financial statements.


NET PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO SHAREHOLDERS OF THE PARENT
COMPANY OF THE GROUP
Net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent company of the Group increased by approximately 12.9%
from approximately RMB2,074.3 million in Year 2024 to approximately RMB2,341.6 million in Year 2025.


DISTRIBUTION OF PROFIT
According to the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China (the “Company Law”), relevant laws and
regulations, and the articles of association of the Company (the “Articles”), the profit after taxation of the
Company during the year is distributed in the following order: (i) making up cumulative prior years’ losses,
if any; (ii) appropriation to the statutory surplus reserve fund; (iii) appropriation to the discretionary surplus
reserve fund; and (iv) appropriation to the distribution of dividends.

Discretionary Surplus Reserve Fund
In Year 2025, the discretionary surplus reserve fund for Year 2024 approved to be appropriated at the annual
general meeting held on June 12, 2025 and the statutory surplus reserve fund for Year 2025 that should be
appropriated have been accounted for in the financial statements of the Group for Year 2025.




12
                                                                                          Annual Report 2025




       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




The proposed appropriation of 10% of profit after taxation in the financial statements of the Company
prepared in accordance with CASBE with an amount of RMB192.1 million to the discretionary surplus
reserve fund for Year 2025 is subject to shareholders’ approval at the forthcoming annual general meeting.
Therefore, the amount will be recorded in the Group’s financial statements for the year ending December
31, 2026.

Proposed Payment of 2025 Annual Final Cash Dividends
On March 26, 2026, the Board of the Company proposed the distribution of a final cash dividend of RMB807.6
million, representing RMB0.276 per share (tax inclusive) for Year 2025 (the “Final Dividend”) as calculated
based on the total number of shares in issue of the Company of 2,926,209,589 shares as at the date of this
report.

The Company will submit the above Final Dividend distribution proposal to the forthcoming annual general
meeting. If such proposal is approved at the annual general meeting, the Final Dividend for Year 2025 is
expected to be paid on or before September 30, 2026. The date of the annual general meeting has not been
fixed, and detailed arrangements in relation to the annual general meeting (including the date and book
closure period) will be disclosed by the Company in due course. Further, upon conclusion of the annual
general meeting, the Company will publish the report on the matters related to the Final Dividend, including,
among other things, the amount of Final Dividend per share in Hong Kong dollar, book closure period,
ex-date, dividend payment date and dividend tax, etc.


LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE
The following table summarizes the cash flows of the Group for the following years:

                                                                        For the year ended December 31
                                                                                 2025                 2024
                                                                           RMB’million          RMB’million
Net cash flow generated from operating activities                               2,923.5               2,525.9
Net cash flow used in investing activities                                     -2,891.5                 893.7
Net cash flow used in financing activities                                       -512.1                -196.8
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                        -489.8               3,231.2
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and
  cash equivalents                                                                 -9.7                   8.4


The Group’s working capital for Year 2025 mainly came from operating activities. Net cash inflow from
operating activities amounted to RMB2,923.5 million.

As at December 31, 2025, the Group had a total of RMB1,759.9 million of borrowings, including short-term
bank borrowings of RMB1,288.4 million and entrusted loans of RMB471.5 million, of which the fixed rate
borrowings totaled RMB601.2 million. The Group did not use any financial instruments for hedging purpose.

As at December 31, 2025, cash and cash equivalents of the Group amounted to RMB10,017.9 million, of
which 97.0%, 2.2% and 0.6% were denominated in RMB, USD and HKD, respectively.



                                                                                                          13
TravelSky Technology Limited




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




RESTRICTED BANK DEPOSITS
As at December 31, 2025, restricted bank deposits of the Group in the amount of RMB1,569.6 million, of
which RMB1,528.5 million were customer provisions (as at December 31, 2024: restricted bank deposits
were in the amount of RMB1,490.4 million, of which RMB1,449.1 million were customer provisions) mainly
refer to the deposits placed at designated bank accounts as guarantee deposits to secure, amongst others,
the settlement of related business, and the customer provisions deposited with The People’s Bank of China
by its subsidiary, Beijing AsiaTech Payment Technology Co., Ltd..

TRUST DEPOSITS AND IRRECOVERABLE OVERDUE TIME DEPOSITS
As at December 31, 2025, the Group did not have any trust deposits and irrecoverable overdue time deposits.
All cash deposits held by the Group are deposited with commercial banks and complied with applicable laws
and regulations.

FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISKS
The Group’s foreign exchange risk arises from commercial transactions and assets and liabilities
denominated in foreign currencies. Fluctuation of the exchange rates of Renminbi against foreign currencies
could affect the Group’s operational results.

FINANCIAL ASSETS INVESTED
With regard to capital management, based on the principles of prudence and soundness, the Group generally
chooses principal-protected wealth management products with interest rates higher than those of bank
deposits for the same period, so that the Group can maximize its capital gains.

In Year 2025, the Group had the following major financial assets:

(1) Trading Financial Assets
      As at December 31, 2025, the Group held structural bank deposits issued by Bank of Beijing, China
      Everbright Bank, Ping An Bank and Industrial Bank of RMB1,100 million, RMB1,100 million, RMB600
      million, and RMB600 million, respectively, with the total structural bank deposits of RMB3,400
      million (floating yield). The annual interest rates of such structural bank deposits varied from 0.45%
      to 2.40%. Such structural bank deposits have maturity periods ranging from 90 to 185 days and are
      non-cancellable before maturity.

(2) Financial Assets at Amortized Cost
      As at December 31, 2025, the Group held certificates of deposit for more than three months issued
      by China Construction Bank, Bank of Communications, Minsheng Bank and Ping An Bank of RMB500
      million, RMB110 million, RMB60 million, and RMB20 million, respectively, with the total certificates
      of deposit for more than three months of RMB690 million. The annual interest rates of such bank
      deposits varied from 1.40% to 3.10%. Such bank certificates of deposits have maturity periods ranging
      from 365 to 1,097 days, among which, the certificates of deposit issued by China Construction Bank of
      RMB500 million are non-cancellable before maturity.

      In addition, the Group held treasury bond reverse repurchase products of RMB1,000 million with an
      annualized interest rate of 2.10% and a maturity period of 7 days, which are non-cancellable before
      maturity.

14
                                                                                                                Annual Report 2025




        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




(3) Financial Assets at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income

                                           Percentage of   Percentage of
                                            shareholding    shareholding      Fair value       Fair value    Gain for the    Gain for the
                                                   as at           as at            as at           as at     year ended      year ended
                                           December 31,    December 31,    December 31,     December 31,    December 31,    December 31,
   Name of investment    Business nature           2025            2024             2025             2024           2025            2024
                                                      %               %        RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000
   Unlisted equity       Life insurance            13.26           13.26       1,052,314        1,004,312         48,002         173,839
     Measured at fair
     value – CMRH Life


   The performance and prospects of the financial assets “CMRH Life” during the period were as follows:

   a.       Name of the company:              China Merchants RenHe Life Insurance Company Limited (“CMRH
                                              Life”)

   b.       Business scope:                   general insurance (including life insurance and annuity insurance),
                                              health insurance, accident injury insurance, bonus insurance,
                                              omnipotent insurance, reinsurance of all of the above insurance
                                              businesses, the application of the insurance funds allowed by the
                                              State laws and regulations, and other businesses approved by the
                                              China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission.

   c.       Investment cost of the            RMB875.0 million.
              Company:

   d.       The percentage of the             13.26%.
              shareholding held
              by the Company:

   e.       The fair value and the scale relative to the total assets of the Group:

            As at December 31, 2025, the Group invested a fair value of approximately RMB1,052.3 million in
            CMRH Life, accounting for 3.2% of the total assets of the Group.

   f.       The performance in Year 2025:

            According to the information provided by CMRH Life to the Company, it recorded a profit
            of approximately RMB485.6 million in Year 2025. The main reason is that CMRH Life has
            continuously transformed its product mix, steadily reduced liability costs, while its investment
            performance ranked among the top, effectively responding to interest rate fluctuations to achieve
            ongoing profits.

   g.       Strategies of future investments and the prospects of such investments:

            According to the information provided by CMRH Life to the Company, CMRH Life has continuously
            achieved profit growth in 2025, and the steady and positive development trend has become
            increasingly solid. CMRH Life thoroughly implements the business strategy of “optimizing
            products, controlling costs, and creating value”, persists in seeking progress while maintaining
            stability, advancing collaboratively, continuously deepening reforms, firmly committing to high-
            quality development, and innovating business models, striving to build a digital ecosystem
            platform for risk management, health management and wealth management, the preferred
            choice for central and state-owned enterprise employees and their families, and dedicated to
            becoming a boutique insurance service provider with innovative characteristics.

                                                                                                                                     15
TravelSky Technology Limited




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




(4) Financial Assets at Fair Value through Profit or Loss
      China Mobile Equity Fund
      As stated in the Company’s announcement on April 16, 2020, the Company has entered into a limited
      partnership agreement (the “Agreement”) with China Mobile Capital Holding Co., Ltd., other investors
      (together with the Company and China Mobile Capital Holding Co., Ltd., as limited partners) and China
      Mobile Equity Fund Management Co., Ltd. (as general partner) for the establishment of China Mobile
      Equity Fund (Hebei Xiong’an) Partnership (Limited Partnership) (the “China Mobile Equity Fund”),
      pursuant to which the Company agreed to contribute a total of RMB1 billion in cash to the China
      Mobile Equity Fund during the term of the Agreement. China Mobile Equity Fund primarily invests
      in companies related to the 5G and information and communications industry chain, ecosystem and
      enabling industries.

      As at December 31, 2025, the Company has actually contributed (including the fund management fee)
      RMB861.7 million pursuant to the Agreement. Please refer to Note 14.1 to the consolidated financial
      statements for details.


CHARGE ON ASSETS
As at December 31, 2025, the Group had no charge on its assets.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
As at December 31, 2025, the Group had no material contingent liabilities.


GEARING RATIO
As at December 31, 2025, the gearing ratio of the Group was 25.8% (as at December 31, 2024: 22.9%), which
was computed by dividing the total liabilities by the total assets of the Group as at December 31, 2025.


ADVANCEMENT OF DATA RESOURCE ASSETIZATION WITHIN THE
COMPANY
According to the Ministry of Finance’s Interim Provisions on Accounting Treatment Related to Data
Resources of Enterprises (Caikuai [2023] No. 11), starting from January 1, 2024, enterprises should
recognize data resources that meet the confirmation conditions as intangible assets or inventory, based on
the purpose of holding the data resources, the method of formation, the business model, and the expected
manner of economic benefit consumption related to the data resources.

For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group did not recognise any new data resources as intangible
assets. RMB24.6 million will be reported under “Intangible assets – Including: Data resources” of the
Group’s financial statements as at December 31, 2025.




16
                                                                                          Annual Report 2025




       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




MAJOR INVESTMENT OR FINANCING PLAN
As at December 31, 2025, the Group did not have any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries,
associates and joint ventures, or have any major investment or plan to acquire major capital assets.
The Board estimates that the sources of funding of the Group in 2026 will be sufficient for the capital
requirement of daily operations and the Group does not have any major financing plan.

The total capital expenditure of the Group amounted to RMB901.3 million for Year 2025 (2024: RMB545.6
million), mainly used in the Company’s daily operation and existing system upgrade, maintenance, and
others. As at December 31, 2025, the Group’s capital expenditure commitment amounted to approximately
RMB1,774.9 million, which will be mainly used in the Company’s daily operation, maintenance, research and
development and upgrading of computer system, China Mobile Equity Fund (an unlisted investment fund),
etc. The sources of funding for such commitments will include existing cash at hand and internal cash flows
generated from operating activities of the Group.

Additionally, as of December 31, 2025, the construction of Beijing Shunyi Park Phase II by the Company had
incurred cumulative expenditures of approximately RMB18.2 million, primarily comprising survey and design
fees, consulting fees, and other preliminary expenses.


EMPLOYEES
The Group has different rates of remuneration for different employees (including Executive Directors),
according to their performance, experience, position and other factors in compliance with the relevant PRC
laws and regulations, as amended from time to time. The remuneration of the employees of the Group
includes salaries, bonuses and fringe benefits provided in compliance with relevant regulations of the PRC,
as amended from time to time, such as medical insurance, pension, unemployment insurance, maternity
insurance and housing funds. The Group also provides its employees with opportunities to acquire skills in
areas such as the aviation and travel industry, computer information technology and business administration,
and provides training on the latest development in areas such as computer information technology, personal
qualities, laws, regulations and economics. In 2007, the Group implemented a corporate annuity scheme (or
supplementary pension plan) in accordance with relevant policies of the PRC. According to the corporate
annuity scheme, the Group is required to make provision for monthly corporate annuity fees with reference
to the total actual salary each month in the previous year and the ratio approved by the relevant authorities
of the PRC. It also needs to deposit the annuities in the custody account of corporate annuity fund opened by
its custodian.

As at December 31, 2025, the total number of employees of the Group was 6,901.

Staff costs of the Group amounted to approximately RMB2,612.3 million for Year 2025 (2024: RMB2,489.7
million), representing approximately 41.2% of the total operating expenses of the Group for Year 2025,
among which, the aggregate corporate annuity expenses of the Group amounted to approximately RMB100.2
million for Year 2025 (2024: RMB89.0 million).




                                                                                                          17
TravelSky Technology Limited




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




REPURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES
During the year ended December 31, 2025, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold
or redeemed any of its listed securities (including sale of treasury shares within the meaning of the Rules
Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”)). As at
December 31, 2025, the Company did not hold any such treasury shares.




18
                                                                                       Annual Report 2025




                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


A. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICE
  The Board has adopted the code provisions as stipulated in the Corporate Governance Code (the “Code
  Provision(s)”) in Part 2 of Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules and its latest amendments from time to
  time, as the Company’s code of corporate governance practices. In compliance with the principles set
  out in Part 2 of the Corporate Governance Code, the Board is committed to implementing effective
  corporate governance policies to ensure that all decisions be made in good faith and in accordance
  with the principles of transparency, fairness and integrity. With necessary and effective counterbalance,
  the Group perfects its corporate governance structure in a sustained way, so as to improve the quality
  of supervision and management and meet the expectations of its shareholders and the relevant parties.

  As stated in the announcement of the Company dated December 18, 2025, Mr. Jiang Bo was elected
  as the Chairman of the Company on December 18, 2025. From the same date, Mr. Huang Rongshun
  ceased to serve as the Chairman but remained as the General Manager of the Company. Therefore,
  from December 18, 2025 to December 31, 2025, the Company no longer deviated from the Code
  Provision C.2.1 “the roles of chairman and chief executive should be separate and should not be
  performed by the same individual”.

  The Company has deviated from the Code Provision B.2.2 “every director, including those appointed
  for a specific term, should be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years”. As
  stated in the announcement of the Company dated February 27, 2023, the term of the seventh session
  of the Board expired on February 26, 2023. The preparation work for the reelection is still in progress.
  Before the completion of the re-election work, all members of the seventh session of the Board of the
  Company will continue to fulfill their respective duties and responsibilities of directors in accordance
  with the laws, administrative regulations and the Articles. The normal operation of the Company will
  not be affected by the postponement of re-election of the members of the Board.

  Save as disclosed above, the Company fully complied with other Code Provisions in 2025.

  As stated in the announcement of the Company dated April 13, 2026, since April 13, 2026, Mr. Huang
  Rongshun ceased to serve as an Executive Director of the Company, a member of the Strategy and
  Investment Committee (Legal Compliance Committee) due to retirement, and ceased to serve as
  the General Manager since March 20, 2026. Upon the appointment of the new General Manager,
  the Company will perform its disclosure obligations in a timely manner in accordance with the
  requirements of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                                       19
TravelSky Technology Limited




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Corporate Culture
     Vision：
     To make air travel smarter

     Mission:
     The national team for the operation and services of critical information infrastructure
     The key force of the digital ecological network for aviation and tourism
     An important technological force for national strategies

     Target:
     To become a world-class integrated intelligent information service provider for aviation and tourism

     Corporate Culture： “Three-Color” Culture
     Rooted in heritage, with our red gene forging our soul
     Driven by innovation, with our blue gene defining our foundation
     Embedded in industry, with our green gene consolidating our fundamentals

     During the Year 2025, the Board of Directors of the Group continued to strengthen and promote its
     corporate culture, and the Group also emphasized the full implementation of its corporate culture in
     its annual work. The relevant progress and achievements are set out in the sections headed “Statement
     of the Board” and “Business Review”, as well as in the “Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     for the Year 2025”.




20
                                                                                       Annual Report 2025




                                                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




  Anti-Corruption and Reporting Policy
  The Company strictly abides by the relevant laws and regulations on preventing bribery, extortion,
  fraud and money laundering, such as the Criminal Law of the People’s Republic of China, the
  Anti-money Laundering Law of the People’s Republic of China, Regulations on the Integrity of Leaders
  of State-owned Enterprises* 《國有企業領導人員廉潔從業若干規定》
                                  (                                    ), and the internal management
  systems such as the Measures Proposed by the Party committee of Travelsky Technology Limited
  Regarding Implementation of the Responsibility System for Construction of an Honest Party and a
  Clean Government* 《中國民航信息網絡股份有限公司黨委關於落實黨風廉政建設主體責任的措施》
                             (                                                                           )
  and the Measures Proposed by the Party Committee of Travelsky Technology Limited Regarding
  the Implementation of the System for Construction of an Honest Party, a Clean Government and
  Anti-Corruption* 《中國民航信息網絡股份有限公司黨風廉政建設和反腐敗工作考核評價辦法》
                    (                                                                        ). A complete
  and transparent complaint and reporting management and handling process has been set up. Our
  postal address, reporting email and telephone number have been published to improve the supervision
  channel. A designated department shall deal with the problems and strictly follow the procedures of
  registration, submission for approval, transfer and investigation; The information reported shall be
  kept strictly confidential to ensure that the informant will not be subject to retaliation for reporting
  through legal channels. The Company signed the Bidding Agency Anti-Corruption Agreement with the
  bidding agency, forming the system of signing an anti-commercial bribery agreement with suppliers
  when entering agreements. Details of the adopted approach and measures are set out in the section
  “Compliance with the Law” under “Governance” in the “Environmental, Social and Governance Report
  2025”.


B. THE BOARD
  Composition of the Board
  According to the provisions of the Articles, the Board of the Company comprises nine directors, with
  external directors accounting for more than half of the total number of directors and including at
  least three Independent Non-executive Directors. Please refer to the section headed “Biographies of
  Directors, Senior Management and Company Secretary” of the annual report for details of the list of
  directors and their profiles.

  As at the issue date of this report, the composition of the seventh session of the Board of the Company
  is as follows: (i) Mr. Jiang Bo acts as the Executive Director of the seventh session of the Board of the
  Company; (ii) Mr. Sun Yuquan, Mr. Qu Guangji and Ms. He Xiaoqun act as the Non-executive Directors
  of the seventh session of the Board of the Company; (iii) Mr. Liu Zehong, Mr. Chan Wing Tak Kevin and
  Mr. Xu Hongzhi act as the Independent Non-executive Directors of the seventh session of the Board
  of the Company; (iv) Ms. Liang Shuang acts as the Employee Representative Director of the seventh
  session of the Board of the Company. Mr. Jiang Bo, an Executive Director, acts as the Chairman of the
  seventh session of the Board.

  The Board established four special committees, including the Audit Committee, the Remuneration and
  Evaluation Committee (the “Remuneration Committee”), the Nomination Committee and the Strategy
  and Investment Committee (Legal Compliance Committee) (the “Strategy Committee”). For duties of
  each special committees, please refer to the section under E. COMMITTEES UNDER THE BOARD OF
  DIRECTORS.



                                                                                                       21
TravelSky Technology Limited




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     As stated in the announcements of the Company dated January 16, 2025 and January 23, 2025, Ms.
     Liang Shuang was elected by the employee representative meeting of the Company on January 16, 2025
     as the Employee Representative Director of the Company, and such appointment became effective upon
     the approval of the amendments to the Articles at the extraordinary general meeting of the Company
     held on January 23, 2025.

     As stated in the announcement of the Company dated June 12, 2025, at the annual general meeting
     of the Company held on the same day, Ms. He Xiaoqun was elected and appointed as a Non-executive
     Director of the seventh session of the Board and a member of the Strategy Committee, and, at the
     same time, the annual general meeting approved the resignation of Mr. Xi Sheng as a Non-executive
     Director and a member of the Strategy Committee of the Company.

     As stated in the announcement of the Company dated December 18, 2025:

     (1)   Mr. Jiang Bo was elected as an Executive Director of the seventh session of the Board at the
           extraordinary general meeting of the Company.

     (2)   After the aforesaid extraordinary general meeting, the seventh session of the Board of the
           Company elected Mr. Jiang Bo as the Chairman of the Company, and as the Chief Member
           (Chairman) of the Nomination Committee and the Strategy Committee. Mr. Huang Rongshun no
           longer served as the Chairman of the Company, the Chief Member (Chairman) of the Nomination
           Committee and the Strategy Committee.




22
                                                                                           Annual Report 2025




                                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




For Year 2025, the list of directors of the Company, their positions in each special committee and the
attendance of each of the directors for relevant meetings, such as Board meetings, are as follows.

                                                           Attendance rate for meetings (Note 1)
                                                                    Audit Remuneration Nomination       Strategy
                                           Board      General Committee         Committee Committee Committee
 Name          Position                  meetings    meetings    meetings        meetings      meetings meetings
 Jiang Bo      Chairman, Executive          100%        100%           —              —           —           —
                 Director; Chief
                 Member of Nomination
                 Committee; Chief
                 Member of Strategy
                 Committee

 Huang         Executive Director,          100%        100%           —              —        100%        100%
  Rongshun       General Manager;
                 Member of Strategy
                 Committee

 Sun Yuquan    Non-executive Director;         0%         0%           —              —           —           0%
                Member of Strategy        (Note 1)                                                       (Note 1)
                Committee

 Qu Guangji    Non-executive Director;         0%         0%           —              —           —           0%
                Member of Strategy        (Note 1)                                                       (Note 1)
                Committee

 He Xiaoqun    Non-executive Director;         0%         0%           —              —           —           0%
                Member of Strategy        (Note 1)                                                       (Note 1)
                Committee

 Liu Zehong    Independent                  100%        100%        100%           100%        100%        100%
                 Non-executive
                 Director; Member
                 of Audit Committee;
                 Chief Member of
                 Remuneration
                 Committee; Member
                 of Nomination
                 Committee; Member of
                 Strategy Committee




                                                                                                             23
TravelSky Technology Limited




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




                                                                   Attendance rate for meetings (Note 1)
                                                                            Audit Remuneration Nomination       Strategy
                                                  Board       General Committee         Committee Committee Committee
      Name            Position                  meetings     meetings    meetings        meetings      meetings meetings
      Chan Wing Tak   Independent                   100%         100%        100%             100%            —           —
        Kevin           Non-executive
                        Director; Chief
                        Member of Audit
                        Committee; Member
                        of Remuneration
                        Committee

      Xu Hongzhi      Independent                   100%         100%        100%             100%         100%           —
                        Non-executive
                        Director; Member
                        of Audit Committee;
                        Member of
                        Remuneration
                        Committee; Member of
                        Nomination Committee

      Liang Shuang    Employee Representative       100%         100%           —                —            —           —
                       Director

      Xi Sheng        Non-executive Director;        25%           0%           —                —            —         100%
                       Member of Strategy         (Note 2)
                       Committee

     Notes:


     1.   Attendance rate = Number of meetings attended/Number of meetings ought to be attended by such director in 2025,
          excluding meetings by way of circulation of written proposals.


          When three directors (i.e. Sun Yuquan, Qu Guangji and He Xiaoqun) did not attend the meetings of the Board and the
          special committees in person, they all trusted other directors with the matter of voting and expressing opinions on
          their behalf through written authorizations.


     2.   Director Xi Sheng resigned on June 12, 2025. Prior to his leaving office on June 12, 2025, four Board meetings were
          held, one general meeting was held, and one meeting of the Strategy Committee was held.


     3.   During Year 2025, the Board held eight physical meetings and one annual general meeting and three extraordinary
          general meetings. The Audit Committee held three physical meetings. The Remuneration Committee held one
          physical meeting. The Nomination Committee held three physical meetings. The Strategy Committee held two
          physical meetings.




24
                                                                                    Annual Report 2025




                                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Duties of the Board
The Board is accountable to the general meeting in accordance with the Articles and performs
the following duties: to be responsible for the convening of the general meeting of shareholders
and to report on its work at general meetings; to implement resolutions of the general meeting of
shareholders; to determine the Company’s business plans and investment proposals; to prepare
the Company’s annual and half-year financial accounting report; to formulate the Company’s profit
distribution plans and loss recovery plans; to formulate proposals on the Company’s credit and
financial policies, the increase or reduction of the Company’s registered capital and the issuance
of debentures or securities of the Company; to draft plans for the Company’s major acquisition or
disposal proposals, repurchase of shares of the Company and formulate the plans for the merger,
division or dissolution or change of corporate form of the Company; to determine the Company’s
internal management structure; to appoint or remove the Company’s general manager and to appoint
or remove deputy general managers, or chief accountant and general counsel of the Company
according to the recommendations of the general manager and decide on their remuneration matters;
to appoint or remove the secretary of the Board and/or company secretary and decide on their
remuneration matters; to determine the establishment of the Company’s branch offices; to formulate
proposals for any amendment to the Articles; to set forth the Company’s basic management system;
to include the annual donation budget of the Company in the annual budget of the Company to manage
external donations other than those required to be considered and approved at the general meeting
of the Company pursuant to the listing rules of the place where the securities are listed and the
requirements of the relevant regulatory authorities, and individual donation exceeding RMB30 million
shall be filed in accordance with the requirements of the regulatory authorities (if necessary); to
propose to the general meeting the appointment or replacement of accounting firm which provides
audit services to the Company; to determine other important matters and administrative matters of the
Company other than those which should be determined by resolutions at the general meeting of the
Company as specified by the Company Law, the Listing Rules and the Articles; and other powers and
duties assigned by laws, administrative regulations, departmental regulations, the listing rules of the
place where the Company’s securities are listed, the general meeting and the Articles.

The Board is responsible for leading and monitoring the Company, and collectively making decisions
and supervising the operation of the Company. The Board is responsible for preparing accounts for
each financial period to ensure that they reflect the Group’s business and results during the period in
a true and fair manner. The Board accepts responsibilities for the preparation of the Group’s financial
statements. As of the issue date of this report, the Board was not aware of any material uncertainties
relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as
a going concern.




                                                                                                     25
TravelSky Technology Limited




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Headed by General Manager, the management of the Company is responsible for: overseeing the
     management of the Company’s daily production and operation, coordinating the implementation of the
     Board resolutions; approving the expenditure of recurrent project expenses and long-term investment
     periodic expenses in accordance with the annual operation plan, annual investment plan, annual
     financial budget or investment project proposal approved by the Board, and deciding on the annual
     asset purchase and disposal plan; formulating specific rules and regulations of the Company other
     than those relating to party building, employee representative meeting and trade union organization;
     appointing or dismissing personnel other than those to be appointed or dismissed by a decision of the
     Board in accordance with the relevant regulations; formulating the implementation of systems and
     standards relating to employees’ remuneration, benefits and appraisal mechanisms; and exercising
     some of the shareholders’ rights in the subsidiaries as stipulated in the Articles and making decisions
     in accordance with the laws and regulations, as well as any other powers and functions conferred
     by the Board. The management briefs the Board on the financial conditions and major operating
     performance of the Company every month, submits financial or other information to the Board for
     review and approval and provides full explanations and information to questions addressed by the
     Board.




26
                                                                                   Annual Report 2025




                                                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Independence of the Board
The Company believes that the following main features or mechanisms of the Board and Governance
Structure are sufficient to effectively ensure independent opinions of the Board.

At least one third of the members of the Board are Independent Non-executive Directors, and the
members of the Board also include the senior management of the Company’s main customers. In
the process of the research and decision-making of the Board, the independent views relating to
users, technology, finance, risk control, large enterprise management and other aspects are ensured.
According to the Articles, the Corporate Governance Code, the Working Rules of the Board, the
Authorization Management System of the Board and the Scheme for Ensuring the Performance of
External Directors formulated and implemented by the Company in 2022, the Board and Directors can
engage independent professional consultants to obtain independent opinions as required. Independent
Non-executive Directors improve the effectiveness and decision-making of the Board by making
objective judgments and putting constructive questions to the management.

Relationship between Members of the Board
In 2025, there were no relations among all members of the Board, including financial, business, family
or other material/relevant relationships.

Independence of Independent Non-executive Directors
Independent Non-executive Directors shall be subject to the independence evaluation when they are
appointed, and shall be subject to evaluation on an annual basis and in any other circumstances that
require reconsideration. The Board includes three Independent Non-executive Directors, representing
one third of the Board, which is in compliance with the requirements of Rules 3.10 and 3.10A of
the Listing Rules. During the reporting period, the Company received from the three Independent
Non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Liu Zehong, Mr. Chan Wing Tak Kevin and Mr. Xu Hongzhi, the
annual confirmations of their independence submitted to the Company in accordance with Rule 3.13 of
the Listing Rules. The Company considers that all of the above Independent Non-executive Directors
are independent.

Independent Non-executive Directors shall receive remuneration for their positions in the Board
and the Board Committees when appropriate. Information on the remuneration of Independent Non-
executive Directors is contained in the related party transactions as set out in the Note 12.5 to the
financial statements.




                                                                                                   27
TravelSky Technology Limited




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Continuous Professional Development of the Board
     In Year 2025, each director of the Company actively participated in the continuous professional
     development, developed and updated his/her knowledge and skills to ensure that he/she continues to
     make contributions to the Board with comprehensive information and in accordance with the needs
     of the Board. The Company provided each director with updates and amendments to the Listing Rules
     and other regulatory laws and regulations from time to time and arranged inaugural training for the
     newly appointed directors, including explanations of directors’ responsibilities by the legal advisor
     and trainings relating to directors’ continuing obligations under the Listing Rules and the rules and
     requirements of the Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside Information.

     In Year 2025, the learning and training records submitted by each director are as follows:

     Executive Director
       Mr. Jiang Bo                                                                                                   A, B
       Mr. Huang Rongshun (Resigned)                                                                                  A, B
     Non-executive Directors
       Mr. Sun Yuquan                                                                                                 A, B
       Mr. Qu Guangji                                                                                                 A, B
       Ms. He Xiaoqun                                                                                                 A, B
       Mr. Xi Sheng (Resigned)                                                                                           A
     Independent Non-executive Directors
       Mr. Liu Zehong                                                                                                 A, B
       Mr. Chan Wing Tak Kevin                                                                                        A, B
       Mr. Xu Hongzhi                                                                                                 A, B
     Employee Representative Director
       Ms. Liang Shuang                                                                                               A, B

     Notes:


     A:   self-learning and reading updates and amendments to relevant laws and regulations including the Listing Rules


     B:   attending thematic training talks organized by professional bodies


     Ms. Liang Shuang obtained the legal advice referred to in Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules on January
     20, 2025, and she has confirmed that she understands her obligations as a director of a listed issuer.
     Mr. Jiang Bo obtained the legal advice referred to in Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules on December 18,
     2025, and he has confirmed that he understands his obligations as a director of a listed issuer.




28
                                                                                      Annual Report 2025




                                                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




C. CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
  In Year 2025, the Chairman of the Company was served by Mr. Jiang Bo (assumed office on December
  18, 2025) and Mr. Huang Rongshun (resigned on December 18, 2025), and the General Manager (Chief
  Executive Officer) was served by Mr. Huang Rongshun (resigned on March 20, 2026).


D. TERMS OF NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

                                                                                   Expiry Date/
   Name                      Position                      Date of Appointment     Date of Resignation
   Sun Yuquan                Non-executive Director        January 25, 2024
   Qu Guangji                Non-executive Director        January 25, 2024
   He Xiaoqun                Non-executive Director        June 12, 2025
   Liu Zehong                Independent Non-executive     September 1, 2022
                               Director
   Chan Wing Tak Kevin       Independent Non-executive     September 1, 2022
                               Director
   Xu Hongzhi                Independent Non-executive     September 1, 2022
                               Director
   Liang Shuang              Employee Representative       January 23, 2025
                               Director
   Xi Sheng                  Non-executive Director        February 27, 2020       June 12, 2025

  Code Provision B.2.2 requires that every director (including those appointed for a specific term) shall
  be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. As stated in the announcement
  of the Company dated February 27, 2023, the terms of the seventh session of the Board expired on
  February 26, 2023. The preparatory work for the change of session is still underway, all members of
  the seventh session of the Board of the Company will continue to fulfill their respective duties and
  responsibilities of directors in accordance with the laws, administrative regulations and the Articles
  until the re-election work is completed. The normal operation of the Company will not be affected by
  the postponement of re-election of the members of the Board.




                                                                                                      29
TravelSky Technology Limited




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




E. COMMITTEES UNDER THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
     Corporate Governance Functions
     The Board is responsible for corporate governance functions, including developing and reviewing the
     Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance, reviewing and monitoring the training and
     continuous professional development of directors and senior management, reviewing and monitoring
     the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements,
     developing, reviewing and monitoring the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable
     to employees and directors and reviewing the Company’s compliance with the Code Provisions and
     disclosure in the “Corporate Governance Report”.

     The Board has adopted the Code Provisions as the Company’s code of corporate governance and
     established four special committees dedicated in conducting specific investigation and research,
     making analysis and giving specific advice to the Board in respect of financial reporting, internal
     control and risk management, remuneration, nomination, strategic investment, etc. The Company, from
     time to time, reminds the directors and senior management to learn new rules and laws proactively
     and take effective management action to discharge their duties cogently. The Company has set up
     more than ten basic management systems relating to legal and regulatory compliance, including the
     “Measures for the Administration of Information Disclosure”, the “Measures for the Administration
     of Connected Transactions and Disclosable Transactions”, the “Authorization Management System
     of the Board”, the “Company Legal Affairs Regulations” and the “Measures for the Administration of
     Compliance”. The Board has adopted Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as the Model Code regarding
     the securities transactions by the Company’s directors and has also formulated the “Model Code for
     Securities Transactions by Employees” of the Company.

     Audit Committee
     Upon the approval of the amendments to the Articles made at the general meeting of the Company on
     September 25, 2025, the Audit and Risk Management Committee (Supervisory Committee) under the
     Board was renamed as the Audit Committee, and the Supervisory Committee was abolished with its
     statutory powers and duties to be performed by the Audit Committee. On December 18, 2025, the Board
     agreed to make corresponding amendments to the Working Rules of the Audit Committee.

     The Audit Committee’s role and functions are available at the Company’s website. They mainly include:
     reviewing financial reports in respect of its completeness, accuracy and integrity; receiving reports
     from the management and auditors; making enquiries to and receiving reasonable explanations from
     the Company’s financial department and auditors on the Company’s financial position; reviewing issues
     in respect of the Group’s financial reporting, risk management and internal control and hearing the
     Company’s reports on fraudulent practices and the whistleblowing supervising the management to
     implement the resolutions of the Board, and reporting to the Board, as well as exercising the duties
     and powers of the Supervisory Committee as stipulated in the Company Law.

     The Audit Committee is composed of three Independent Non-executive Directors. The term of each
     member of the committee is the same as his respective term as a director. Mr. Chan Wing Tak
     Kevin, an Independent Non-executive Director, serves as the Chief Member (Chairman) of the Audit
     Committee. Mr. Liu Zehong and Mr. Xu Hongzhi (both being Independent Non-executive Directors)
     serve as members of the Audit Committee.




30
                                                                                    Annual Report 2025




                                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




In Year 2025, the Audit Committee convened three meetings. The work of the Audit Committee during
the year is mainly as follows:

1.   received reports on financial work from the financial officers of the Company and reviewed the
     interim and annual consolidated financial statements, annual report and interim report of the
     Company, including accounting standards adopted by the Company, any changes in accounting
     policies and practices, major judgmental areas, significant audit adjustments, the going concern
     assumptions and any qualified opinion, and compliance with accounting standards and legal
     and regulatory requirements in relation to financial reporting; and had discussions with the
     management of the Company.

2.   met with the auditors at least twice and met with the auditors at least annually in the absence
     of the Company’s management; discussed with the auditors the nature and scope of the audit
     and reporting obligations; received the audit procedures and work plan for the annual audit
     and interim review from the auditors; listened to the management’s explanation and response
     to any queries raised by the external auditors during auditing and gave specific opinions and
     recommendations.

3.   conducted an interim review and an annual review on the Company’s connected transactions, and
     gave opinions and recommendations regarding the relevant internal management and control
     mechanism.

4.   reviewed the risk management and internal control system of the Company and reported the
     same to the Board, and gave opinions and recommendations in respect of the effectiveness of
     risk management and internal control system.

5.   reviewed the independence of auditors and audit procedures, and proposed recommendations in
     relation to the appointment of auditor and remuneration budget to the Board.

6.   listened to reports on the implementation of Board’s resolutions and took corresponding
     measures as necessary.

Remuneration and Evaluation Committee
The role and functions of the Remuneration Committee are available at the Company’s website. They
mainly include: studying appraisal criteria for directors and senior management, carrying out appraisal
and giving advice according to the Company’s actual operation; studying and reviewing remuneration
policies and proposals of directors and senior management, and evaluating their performance; advising
the Board on the remuneration policies and frameworks of directors and senior management, and on
the standard procedure of setting up such remuneration policy; monitoring the implementation of the
Company’s remuneration scheme and the responsibility of reviewing and/or approving the matters
relating to the share schemes described in Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                                    31
TravelSky Technology Limited




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     The Remuneration Committee is composed of three Independent Non-executive Directors. The term
     of each member of the committee is the same as his respective term as a director. Mr. Liu Zehong,
     an Independent Non-executive Director, serves as the Chief Member (Chairman) of the Remuneration
     Committee. Mr. Chan Wing Tak Kevin and Mr. Xu Hongzhi, both being Independent Non-executive
     Directors, serve as members of the Remuneration Committee.

     In Year 2025, the Remuneration Committee held one meeting. All members attended the meeting and
     considered the renewal of liability insurance for directors and senior management.

     Details of remuneration of the directors and senior management are set out in the related party
     transactions as disclosed in Note 12.5 to the financial statements.

     Remuneration Policies for Directors
     As stated in the circular of the Company dated January 10, 2020, the announcement of the Company
     dated February 27, 2020 and the 2020 interim report, pursuant to the approval obtained in the general
     meeting and the relevant rules and requirements issued by the domestic regulators as well as the
     obligations assumed by each of the directors, the current remuneration policies for directors approved
     by the seventh session of the Board of the Company are as follows:

     (1)   the annual basic remuneration of each Independent Non-executive Director is RMB60,000
           (inclusive of tax). If she or he serves as a chief member of a special committee, her or his annual
           basic remuneration shall be RMB70,000 (inclusive of tax). She or he may receive a meeting
           allowance of RMB3,000 or RMB2,000 (inclusive of tax) for each attendance at the Board meetings
           or special committee meetings;

           If an Independent Non-executive Director is a retired person-in-charge of a central State-owned
           enterprise, the work subsidy standards for the Independent Non-executive Director shall
           be dynamically adjusted annually in accordance with the results of the annual performance
           appraisal; (i) the work subsidy shall be provided by the Company in advance according to the
           monthly standard of RMB5,000 (before tax) per person in the current year, that is, RMB60,000
           (before tax) per person per year; (ii) after determining the results of the annual performance
           appraisal in the previous year, the Company shall settle the balance of work subsidy according to
           the following specific standards: if she or he receives a excellent appraisal, she or he is entitled
           to receive an annual work subsidy of RMB100,000 (before tax) per person; if she or he receives a
           good appraisal, she or he is entitled to receive an annual work subsidy of RMB80,000 (before tax)
           per person; if she or he receives an appraisal of basically competent or less, she or he is entitled
           to receive an annual work subsidy of RMB60,000 (before tax) per person; and (iii) if she or he has
           worked in the Company for less than one year, the work subsidy shall be calculated according
           to the actual number of months and she or he shall cease to receive any other monetary income
           from the Company;




32
                                                                                    Annual Report 2025




                                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




(2)   with reference to the relevant regulatory requirements, except for Independent Non-executive
      Directors, other directors (regardless of being Chairman of the Board or member or chief
      member of any special committee) are not entitled to such remuneration, bonus and meeting
      subsidies for the performance of obligations of directors;

(3)   the aforementioned adjustment procedures of remuneration standard: the adjustment
      proposal shall be formulated by the Remuneration Committee and submitted to the Board for
      consideration. Such adjustment proposal shall comply with relevant requirements of laws and
      regulations, requirements of regulatory authorities and shall be implemented by the Board
      according to the authorization and approval by the general meeting.

Insurance Arrangement in Respect of Directors and Senior Management
Since 2004, the Company has continuously arranged appropriate insurance cover in respect of potential
legal actions against Directors and senior management. On July 1, 2025, the Company purchased
liability insurance for Directors and senior management from PICC Property and Casualty Company
Limited, the term of which will expire on June 30, 2026.

Nomination Committee
The role and functions of the Nomination Committee are available at the Company’s website. They
mainly include: reviewing the structure, size and composition of the Board; identifying candidates
suitably qualified to become directors; assessing the independence of Independent Non-executive
Directors; and making recommendations to the Board on the above matters and the appointment
planning for directors.

The Nomination Committee is composed of the Chairman and two Independent Non-executive
Directors. The term of each member of the committee is the same as his respective term as a director.
Mr. Jiang Bo (Chairman of the Company) serves as the Chief Member (Chairman) of the Nomination
Committee. Mr. Liu Zehong and Mr. Xu Hongzhi (both being Independent Non-executive Directors)
serve as members of the Nomination Committee.

Nomination of Directors:

A shareholder’s written notice about his suggestion to nominate a director and a written notice given
by such candidate of his willingness to be nominated shall be sent to the Company, in accordance with
the laws and regulations applicable to the Company and the relevant requirements of the Articles,
after the date of despatch of the notice convening the general meeting for the election of directors and
at least seven days prior to the date of such general meeting. The procedures for nominating a director
by a shareholder are available at the Company’s website.




                                                                                                     33
TravelSky Technology Limited




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Any director candidate nominated by shareholders must fulfill the relevant requirements of the
     Company Law, the Listing Rules and the Articles concerning the qualifications of directors, and
     candidates for Independent Non-executive Directors must satisfy the independence requirement as
     set out in Chapter 3 of the Listing Rules. Meanwhile, when the Nomination Committee considers the
     suitability of the proposed candidates for directors, it will also take into account the requirements
     of the diversity policy of the Board of Directors (please refer to the section headed “Diversity” in the
     “Corporate Governance Report” for details).

     Appointment and Removal of Directors:

     The Board is responsible for submitting the candidates for Non-employee Representative Directors
     to the general meeting for election (excluding the Employee Representative Directors appointed and
     removed by the employee representative meeting of the Company). The general meeting shall elect
     Non-employee Representative Directors by way of ordinary resolution in accordance with the relevant
     requirements of the Articles. If the number of directors elected exceeds the number stipulated in
     the Articles, those who have got the highest votes shall be determined as the elected directors. A
     director serves for a term of not more than three years and is subject to re-election upon expiry.
     Any Non-employee Representative Director who has unexpired terms of office may be removed by
     way of ordinary resolution at the general meeting provided that the general meeting is conducted in
     accordance with the relevant laws and regulations.

     In Year 2025, the Nomination Committee held three meetings and all members attended the
     meetings. During the reporting period, the Nomination Committee considered the director candidates,
     appointment of deputy general manager and other matters.

     Strategy and Investment Committee (Legal Compliance Committee)
     The role and functions of the Strategy Committee are set out on the Company’s website, which mainly
     include: to be responsible for studying and advising the Company on its long-term development
     strategies and significant investment decisions, including major issues which may affect the
     development of the Company such as significant investment and financing plans, significant capital
     operations and asset operations projects, as well as legal compliance issues. Its duties were disclosed
     on October 16, 2018.




34
                                                                                      Annual Report 2025




                                                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




  The Strategy Committee is composed of the Chairman, one Executive Director, three Non-executive
  Directors and one Independent Non-executive Director. The term of each member of the committee
  is the same as his respective term as a director. Mr. Jiang Bo (Chairman of the Company) serves as
  the Chief Member (Chairman) of the Strategy Committee. Mr. Huang Rongshun (Executive Director),
  Mr. Sun Yuquan, Mr. Qu Guangji and Ms. He Xiaoqun (Non-executive Directors) and Mr. Liu Zehong
  (Independent Non-executive Director) serve as members of the Strategy Committee. Ms. He Xiaoqun
  (Non-executive Director) serves as a member of the Strategy Committee, while Mr. Xi Sheng (former
  Non-executive Director) ceased to serve as a Non-executive Director and a member of the Strategy
  Committee with effect from June 12, 2025. Since April 13, 2026, Mr. Huang Rongshun, the former
  Executive Director, ceased to serve as an Executive Director due to retirement, and at the same time
  ceased to serve as a member of the Strategy Committee.

  In Year 2025, the Strategy Committee held two meetings to discuss and listen to the Company’s related
  working report on sustainable development and considered the Company’s 2024 Environmental, Social
  and Governance Report and ESG system targets and other matters.


F. COMPANY SECRETARY
  The Board of the Company appointed Mr. Yu Xiaochun as the Company Secretary. Mr. Yu completed 15
  hours of relevant professional training in Year 2025.


G. DIRECTORS’ SECURITIES TRADING
  The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
  (the “Model Code”) in Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules as the code of conduct for the directors of the
  Company to conduct securities transactions of the Company. Having made specific enquiries to all
  directors, no directors failed to comply with the relevant requirements of the Model Code in Year 2025.


H. RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL MONITORING
  In order to ensure the effectiveness of risk management and internal control system, factoring the
  actual needs, the Company has set up a well-established organizational structure for risk management
  and internal control. The adequate and effective risk management and internal control system can help
  ensure the realization of strategic objectives of the Company. The Board of the Company is responsible
  for the establishment, perfection and effective implementation of risk management and internal
  control system. The management is responsible for organizing and leading the daily operation of the
  risk management and internal control of the Company and reporting to the Board about the outcome
  on a regular basis. The Audit Committee established under the Board performs supervisory duties
  regarding the establishment and effective execution of risk management and internal control system,
  including checking the scope, adequacy and effectiveness of the Company’s risk management and
  internal control system and advising on the improvement of such control.




                                                                                                      35
TravelSky Technology Limited




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     The Company attaches great importance to the construction of risk management and internal control
     system, and has established a risk management and internal control system and internal control
     procedures covering all business processes of the Company. The Company has established a sound
     corporate governance structure for sustainable development. The structure effectively governs and
     supervises ESG matters, organizes relevant work and prepares and discloses relevant reports as
     required. The Company reviews and confirms the risk management and internal control system of
     the previous year at least once a year and prepares a report and submits it to the Audit Committee
     of the Board, assisting the Board in evaluating the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control
     management and risk management.

     The Company evaluated its internal control within the Company at the end of 2025. The Board believes
     that during the reporting period, the Company established internal control for businesses and matters
     within the evaluation scope, and such internal control was implemented effectively, achieving the
     objectives of the internal control of the Company. There were no material and significant defects.
     The risk management and internal control system of the Company is effective and sufficient. The
     Company’s risk management and internal control system aims to manage the risk of failure to achieve
     business objectives rather than eliminate such risk, and the system can provide only reasonable but
     not absolute protection against non-material misstatements or losses.

     In terms of the accounting, internal audit, financial reporting functions, as well as resources, staff
     qualifications and experience, training and budget related to ESG performance and reporting, the
     Company essentially meets the requirements of current management and control, but needs to
     further supplement the reserve force and increase the budget to meet the requirements of enterprise
     management and control as its business scope continues to expand.

     The Company analyzed the possibility of risk occurrence and related impact on the achievement of
     strategic objectives in risk assessment, which involves various risk areas such as strategy, finance,
     market, operation and law. The Company prioritized the risks according to their significance, identified
     major risks and formulated measures against risks and solutions based on further analysis of sources
     of risk and causes of risk. As a result of the measures taken, both the possibility of occurrence and
     extent of impact of risks were lowered, and there were no material risk claims that occurred during the
     reporting period in Year 2025. The Company judges and analyzes according to the changes of both the
     internal and external environment and its own business every year, and formulates effective measures
     against risks in order to enhance risk handling and prevent operational risks.

     The Company clearly understands the importance of employees’ risk awareness for risk management
     and internal control system. The Company popularized the latest regulatory situations and related
     knowledge of risk management and internal control to all the staff through special training, risk
     research, publicity documents and other ways within the Company during 2025, to enhance the risk
     awareness and compliance concept of staff comprehensively.




36
                                                                                   Annual Report 2025




                                                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Procedures for Risk Identification, Assessment and Management of the
Company
The Company has established a dynamic risk management process according to its own business
characteristics and conducted continuous iterative optimization. The Company organised each
department of the Company at the end of 2025, to seek existing risks in each important operation
activity and business process to update risk repository, supplement and amend the description and
classification of original risk events based on changes of the internal and external environment
faced by the Company. The Company summarised and determined the scope of this assessment
in conjunction with the Company’s key areas in operation management and risk preference of the
management, and conducted risk assessment in the form of questionnaire by combining qualitative
and quantitative methods, so as to form a comprehensive and systematic risk assessment conclusion
in five types of risk areas, such as strategy, finance, market, operation and laws. Long-term and
effective risk assessment mechanism and risk monitoring mechanism were established to assist
the management to grasp risk management information in time and make scientific and reasonable
decisions. As for material and major risks identified, the relevant responsible units organised by the
Company thoroughly analyzed the source of risk and causes of risk, timely proposed risk management
strategies and risk solutions, and performed ongoing control and monitoring to ensure the effective
implementation of the measures adopted.

The Review Procedures of the Company’s Risk Management and Internal
Control System
The Company, led by the Internal Control Office, organizes the inspection and evaluation of the
effectiveness of internal control, communicates with the inspected units to confirm the problems
identified in the inspection, and proposes rectification recommendations. The Company persistently
optimised and improved its risk management and internal control system by revising and refining
its internal control manual every year, rationalising the current systems, hierarchies, operational
workflow, control measures and related risks of the Company in accordance with the needs of the
Company’s business management and external regulatory requirements, revising and refining the
internal control manual and risk database, and establishing a work mechanism that is constantly
updated and optimised, thereby boosting the effectiveness of the internal control manual and risk
database. The Company carries out inspection and evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal
control system and risk assessment at least once a year, organises the relevant units to carry out
rectification and response work in respect of the internal control deficiencies and significant risks
identified, and provides continuous supervision and evaluation.




                                                                                                   37
TravelSky Technology Limited




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     The Characteristics of the Risk Management and Internal Control System of the
     Company
     The Company’s risk management and internal control system is well-developed and organically
     combines risk management and internal control processes by making internal control an important
     means of preventing and eliminating risks, and adopting comprehensive risk management as the
     key criteria for validating and upgrading internal control. The Company tirelessly enhanced its
     “standardised, scientific, effective and highly efficient” risk management and internal control system
     “with the internal environment as the key foundation, risk assessment as a key part, control measures
     as an important means, communication of information as a crucial condition and internal supervision
     as a key assurance”, so as to enhance its risk management and internal control capabilities and to
     ensure the long-term growth and sustainable development of the Company’s business.

     The procedures and internal controls for the handling and disclosure of inside information by
     the Company: the Company has formulated the “Measures for the Administration of Information
     Disclosure”, which regulates the procedures of identification, confidentiality, pre-warning and
     disclosure of inside information, and such internal control measures are adequate.

     The Company has a specialised department of internal audit, which is responsible for annual
     inspection, analysis and assessment for the effectiveness of risk management and internal control
     system of the Company. The department will adhere to the continuous optimization of risk management
     and internal control system, organizational structure and process, to ensure the effective realization of
     the Company’s strategic objectives.


I.   AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION AND MATTERS RELATING TO THE
     AUDITOR
     The aggregate service fees paid by the Company to BDO China SHU LUN PAN Certified Public
     Accountants LLP (Certified Public Accountants in the PRC) for Year 2025 amounted to RMB2,124.9
     thousand, comprising annual audit service fee of approximately RMB1,525.6 thousand and non-audit
     service fee of approximately RMB599.3 thousand for the review of interim financial statements, annual
     compliance review of continuing connected transactions and compliance review of preliminary results
     announcement, etc.




38
                                                                                      Annual Report 2025




                                                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




J. DIVERSITY
  Diversity Policy of the Board of Directors
  In July 2022, the Nomination Committee of the Company revised the basic principles of the board
  diversity policy formulated by the Company in 2013. The revised board diversity policy is: there are no
  restrictions on the gender of directors, and board members are not of a single gender; adopting the
  age of 70 as the upper age limit, pursuant to which no candidate aged 70 or above shall be nominated
  in principle, and if a director will become 70 years old within his/her term of office, the Company may
  consider to shorten his/her term as appropriate in accordance with the opinion of domestic regulatory
  authorities; for the cultural and academic background or professional experience, a director shall,
  in general, possess an advanced level of education, and his/her expertise and experience shall be
  considered according to its relevance with the business of the Company or the management of listed
  companies, such as information technology, network technology, communication technology, finance,
  accounting, law, management and marketing, etc.

  In 2022, a requirement that members of the Board are not of a single gender was added to the board
  diversity policy of the Company. The Company appointed a female Employee Representative Director
  on January 23, 2025, and appointed one female Non-executive Director on June 12, 2025. The ratio of
  male to female Directors in the Company is 7:2, in compliance with the requirement of Rule 13.92 of
  the Listing Rules. At the same time, in order to achieve long-term compliance with the policy of gender
  diversity, priority should be given to meeting the need for gender diversity under the same conditions,
  when considering potential Director candidates.

  The Group (the Company and its subsidiaries) had 6,901 employees (including senior managerial
  personnel) as at December 31, 2025. The ratio of male to female employees is about 6:4, which is
  relatively balanced as compared with the gender ratios of the regions and industries where the Group
  operates. The Group takes into account various factors (e.g. the gender ratios of the regions and
  industries where the employees of the Group are located and the regional gender culture) to ensure
  that the gender ratios of the Group’s employees engaged in various specific jobs in different regions
  basically be in keeping with the average ratios of related regions and industries.




                                                                                                      39
TravelSky Technology Limited




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




K. SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
     Procedures for Convening a General Meeting
     Any shareholder(s) individually or collectively holding 10% or more of the Company’s total issued share
     capital shall be entitled to request the Board in writing to convene an extraordinary general meeting.
     Upon receiving such request, the Board shall issue a notice of extraordinary general meeting within 30
     days and hold an extraordinary general meeting within two months from the receipt of such request.
     Otherwise, the shareholder(s) proposing to convene an extraordinary general meeting in writing may
     himself (themselves) convene an extraordinary general meeting within four months from the receipt of
     such written request by the Board.

     Procedures for Putting Forward a Proposal by Shareholders
     Any shareholder intending to put forward a temporary proposal at the general meeting of the Company
     shall provide shareholding document to prove that he/she is interested in 1% or more of the Company’s
     total issued share capital and shall put forward and deliver his/her/its proposal in written form to
     the Company (addressed to the Chairman or the Company Secretary of the Company) 10 days before
     the date of convening the general meeting. The Board will issue supplementary notice of the general
     meeting within two days from the receipt of such proposal and announce the content of the proposal. If
     the issuance of supplementary notice fails to meet the relevant requirements of the listing rules of the
     stock exchange where the Company’s shares are listed in respect of issuance of supplementary notice,
     the Company shall postpone the general meeting in an appropriate way.

     Procedures for Shareholders to Make Enquiries
     Shareholders must prove to the Board that they actually own the equity interests in accordance with
     the Articles of the Company (e.g. by providing shareholding documents etc.). The Company suggests
     shareholders submit their enquiry requests in writing (including by email, facsimile and mail) and
     provide sufficient contact details so that the Company can handle and take down their enquiries in a
     proper and timely manner.

     Contact Information
     Shareholders and investors may contact the Company via the following telephone, facsimile, email or
     postal address:

     Telephone: (8610) 5765 0696
     Facsimile: (8610) 5765 0695
     Email: ir@travelsky.com.cn
     Postal address: TravelSky High-tech Industrial Park, Houshayu Town, Shunyi District, Beijing, PRC (中
                     國北京順義區後沙峪鎮中國航信高科技產業園區)




40
                                                                                    Annual Report 2025




                                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




L. INVESTOR RELATIONS
  Amendments to Articles
  The Company amended the Articles upon the approval at the extraordinary general meeting of the
  Company held on January 23, 2025, mainly including the amendments to the authorities of the
  Chairman and the General Manager, as well as the establishment of a seat for employee representative
  director. Details of the amendments are set out in the appendix to the circular of the Company dated
  January 3, 2025.

  The Company amended the Articles upon the approval at the extraordinary general meeting of the
  Company held on September 25, 2025, mainly including the abolition of the Supervisory Committee
  and supervisors, and the change of name of the Audit and Risk Management Committee (Supervisory
  Committee) under the Board to the Audit Committee, which shall exercise the functions and powers of
  the Supervisory Committee pursuant to the Company Law. Details of the amendments are set out in
  the appendix to the circular of the Company dated September 5, 2025.

  Communication with Shareholders and Investors
  The Company has formulated relevant systems to guide and enhance the communication between
  the Company and its shareholders and investors. The Shareholders’ Communication Policy of the
  Company is founded on information disclosure in accordance with laws and regulations and aims to
  facilitate communication with investors through multiple channels and at multiple levels to promote
  investors’ understanding and recognition of the Company. The Company reviews the implementation
  and effectiveness of the above policy on an annual basis and continues to take measures to constantly
  improve the timeliness and effectiveness of communication with shareholders.

  During the reporting period, the Company actively implemented the Shareholders’ Communication
  Policy, earnestly listened to the opinions and suggestions of investors on the Company’s strategic
  development, operation and management, and maintained timely and effective communication with
  shareholders. In terms of information disclosure, the Company, in strict accordance with the time
  limit, content and forms required by the Hong Kong Listing Rules, published compliance information
  such as annual reports, interim reports, ESG reports, results announcements, connected transaction
  announcements, circulars for shareholders, etc. through the websites of the Company and the Stock
  Exchange, which included annual and interim profit warning announcements disclosed in a timely
  manner in accordance with the regulatory requirements for inside information. In addition, the
  Company also voluntarily disclosed monthly operating information through the Company’s website
  to allow investors and shareholders to understand the major business performance of the Company
  in a timely manner. In terms of investor communication, the chairman, chairmen of the special
  committees, Independent Non-executive Directors, general manager, chief accountant and auditors
  of the Company all attended the annual general meeting or extraordinary general meeting of the
  Company to respond to shareholders’ inquiries on-site. All resolutions were conducted by way of poll,




                                                                                                    41
TravelSky Technology Limited




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     and the results of the poll (including the number of votes in favour of and against each resolution) were
     announced on the same day. In addition, the chairman, general manager, chief accountant, secretary
     to the Board and investor relations team of the Company communicated with over 810 domestic and
     overseas shareholders and investors through results announcement conferences, roadshows, visits,
     participation in investment summits, one-on-one meetings with shareholders and special conference
     with analysts. The investor relations team responded to nearly 1,300 telephone and email inquiries, and
     the Company’s information was pushed to more than 100,000 persons through digital channels. The
     Company also listened to feedback through investor questionnaires. To ensure smooth communication
     channels, the Company has investor hotlines and email addresses in Beijing and Hong Kong, details
     of which are set out in “contact details for investors” as disclosed in the section headed “Corporate
     Information” in this report. Investors and the public may contact the Company to put forward opinions
     or suggestions, or visit the investor website (www.travelskyir.com) to learn about organizational
     structure, business overview, major operating data, announcements and circulars of the Company,
     and other detailed information. The website is presented in three language versions, namely English,
     Traditional Chinese and Simplified Chinese, and recorded more than 140,000 visits throughout the year.

     During the reporting period, the Company reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the above
     Shareholders’ and investors’ communication policy. In view of the above facts, it considers that such
     policy and measures can ensure effective communication between the Company and its shareholders
     and investors. The Company was awarded the annual “All-Asia Executive Team” by Institutional
     Investor, and was awarded the “HKIRA Investor Relations Awards” by the Hong Kong Investor Relations
     Association for the seventh consecutive year.


M. SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE
     Upon approval at the extraordinary general meeting held on September 25, 2025, the Company
     no longer has a Supervisory Committee or Supervisors. The Audit Committee under the Board
     exercises the powers and functions of the Supervisory Committee as stipulated in the Company Law.
     Correspondingly, the Working Rules of the Supervisory Committee have been abolished.




42
                                                                                         Annual Report 2025




                                                              REPORT OF DIRECTORS

The Board of the Company is pleased to present its report together with the audited financial statements of
the Group for Year 2025.


GROUP ACTIVITIES
The Group is an information technology service enterprise in the China’s aviation and travel industry. The
core businesses of the Group include aviation information technology service, accounting, settlement
and clearing service for aviation industry, airport information technology service, distribution information
technology service, etc.

The analysis of the Group’s financial performance is set out under the section headed “Management
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations”. The Group presented revenue
disaggregated by the timing of revenue recognition and primary geographical markets, please refer to Notes
5.43 and 16.2 to the financial statements for details.


BUSINESS REVIEW
A review of the business of the Group during the year and discussions on its future business development
are set out in the sections headed “Statement of the Board” and “Business Review”. Analysis of the Group’s
financial and operational conditions using financial key performance indicators is set out in the sections
headed “Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations” and
“Financial Highlights”. Compliance with relevant laws and regulations which have a significant impact on
the Group is set out in the section headed “Corporate Governance Report” and this section. The Company’s
environmental policies and performance are set out in the section headed “Business Review”.


SHARE CAPITAL STRUCTURE
The issued share capital of the Company as at December 31, 2025 amounted to 2,926,209,589 shares, with
a par value of RMB1.00 each. As at December 31, 2025, the share capital structure of the Company is as
follows:

                                                                                          Percentage in the
                                                                                            total number of
 Class of shares                                                    Number of shares         shares in issue
                                                                                                         (%)
 Domestic Shares                                                         1,993,647,589                68.13
 H Shares                                                                  932,562,000                31.87


 Total                                                                   2,926,209,589               100.00




                                                                                                         43
TravelSky Technology Limited




REPORT OF DIRECTORS




PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
Under the Articles of the Company and the laws of the PRC, there are no provisions about preemptive
rights that require the Company to offer new shares to its existing Shareholders in proportion to their
shareholdings.


PUBLIC FLOAT
The Company has maintained the prescribed public float under the Listing Rules, based on the corporate
information available to the Company and within the knowledge of its directors as at the latest practicable
date prior to the issue of this report.


INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES AND UNDERLYING
SHARES OF THE COMPANY
As at December 31, 2025, the interests and short positions of any persons (other than directors or chief
executive of the Company) in the shares and underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the register
required to be kept under Section 336 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of
Hong Kong) (the “SFO”) are as follows:

                                                                                             Approximate
                                                                                               percentage      Approximate
                                                                                             in respective    percentage in
                                                                                                   class of     total share
 Name of shareholder               Class and number of shares       Capacity                 share capital          capital
                                   (Note 2)                                                        (Note 3)        (Note 3)
 China TravelSky Holding Company   864,836,589 domestic shares of   Beneficial owner               43.38%           29.55%
   Limited                           RMB1 each (L)

 China National Aviation Holding   260,690,500 domestic shares of   Beneficial owner               13.08%            8.91%
   Corporation Limited               RMB1 each (L)

                                   18,720,000 domestic shares of    Interest of controlled          0.94%            0.64%
                                     RMB1 each (L) (Note 4)         corporation

                                   13,045,500 domestic shares of    Interest of controlled          0.65%            0.45%
                                     RMB1 each (L) (Note 5)         corporation




44
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025




                                                                                                     REPORT OF DIRECTORS




                                                                                                   Approximate
                                                                                                     percentage      Approximate
                                                                                                   in respective    percentage in
                                                                                                         class of     total share
 Name of shareholder                   Class and number of shares         Capacity                 share capital          capital
                                       (Note 2)                                                          (Note 3)        (Note 3)
 China Mobile Communications           292,100,000 domestic shares of     Interest of controlled         14.65%            9.98%
   Group Co., Ltd.                       RMB1 each (L) (Note 6)           corporation

 China Southern Air Holding            202,781,500 domestic shares of     Beneficial owner               10.17%            6.93%
   Co., Ltd.                             RMB1 each (L)

                                       65,773,500 domestic shares of      Interest of controlled          3.30%            2.25%
                                         RMB1 each (L) (Note 7)           corporation

 China Eastern Air Holding Co., Ltd.   182,743,500 domestic shares of     Beneficial owner                9.17%            6.25%
                                         RMB1 each (L)

                                       25,155,000 domestic shares of      Interest of controlled          1.26%            0.86%
                                         RMB1 each (L) (Note 8)           corporation

                                       3,900,000 domestic shares of       Interest of controlled          0.20%            0.13%
                                         RMB1 each (L) (Note 9)           corporation

Notes:


(1)   Interests and short positions in the shares and underlying shares of the Company disclosed in this section are based on the
      reasonable enquiries made by the Company and the data published on the website of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing
      Limited (“HKEX”) (www.hkexnews.hk). For the latest disclosure of interests filings of the substantial shareholders of the
      Company’s H shares, please refer to the “Disclosure of Interests” section on the website of HKEX (www.hkexnews.hk).


(2)   (L) — Long position; (S) — Short position; (P) — Lending pool.


(3)   The percentage is calculated by the amount of shares held by relevant person/the total amount of relevant shares issued
      as at December 31, 2025. Percentage in total share capital is based on 2,926,209,589 shares of the total issued share
      capital of the Company as at December 31, 2025; percentage in respective class of share capital is based on 1,993,647,589
      domestic shares and 932,562,000 H shares of the Company as at December 31, 2025.


(4)   These shares were held by Shenzhen Airlines Company Limited, a subsidiary of China National Aviation Holding
      Corporation Limited. China National Aviation Holding Corporation Limited was deemed to be interested in the shares held
      by Shenzhen Airlines Company Limited pursuant to the SFO.




                                                                                                                             45
TravelSky Technology Limited




REPORT OF DIRECTORS




(5)   These shares were held by Shandong Airlines Company Limited, a subsidiary of China National Aviation Holding
      Corporation Limited. China National Aviation Holding Corporation Limited was deemed to be interested in the shares held
      by Shandong Airlines Company Limited pursuant to the SFO.


(6)   These shares were held by China Mobile Capital Holding Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of China Mobile Communications Group
      Co., Ltd. China Mobile Communications Group Co., Ltd. was deemed to be interested in the shares held by China Mobile
      Capital Holding Co., Ltd. pursuant to the SFO, of which 145,500,000 domestic shares (S) are deemed to be held through
      China Mobile Capital Holding Co., Ltd. under the relevant agreements, based on the Disclosure Notice of the Interest of
      Corporate Substantial Shareholder filed by China Mobile Communications Group Co., Ltd. on February 6, 2024.


(7)   These shares were held by Xiamen Airlines Company Limited, a subsidiary of China Southern Air Holding Co., Ltd. China
      Southern Air Holding Co., Ltd. was deemed to be interested in the shares held by Xiamen Airlines Company Limited
      pursuant to the SFO.


(8)   These shares were held by China Eastern Airlines Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of China Eastern Air Holding Co., Ltd. China
      Eastern Air Holding Co., Ltd. was deemed to be interested in the shares held by China Eastern Airlines Co., Ltd. pursuant
      to the SFO.


(9)   These shares were held by China Eastern Airlines Wuhan Co. Ltd., a subsidiary of China Eastern Air Holding Co., Ltd.
      China Eastern Air Holding Co., Ltd. was deemed to be interested in the shares held by China Eastern Airlines Wuhan Co.
      Ltd. pursuant to the SFO.


Save as the above, to the best knowledge of the Company’s directors, as at December 31, 2025, no persons
(other than directors and chief executive of the Company) had any interests or short positions in the shares
or underlying shares of the Company that are required to be recorded in the register maintained by the
Company under Section 336 of the SFO.


INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF DIRECTORS AND CHIEF
EXECUTIVE IN THE SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES
OF THE COMPANY AND ANY OTHER ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
As at December 31, 2025, none of the directors or chief executive of the Company had any interests or
short positions in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated
corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) that are required to be recorded in the register
maintained by the Company under Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the
Stock Exchange by the directors or chief executive pursuant to the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 to
the Listing Rules.

None of the directors and chief executive of the Company or their respective associates had been granted or
had exercised any rights to subscribe for the securities of the Company or any of its associated corporations
(within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) for the year ended December 31, 2025.

As at December 31, 2025, each of China TravelSky Holding Company Limited, China National Aviation Holding
Corporation Limited, China Southern Air Holding Co., Ltd. and China Eastern Air Holding Co., Ltd. had
interest in the shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions
of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO. As at December 31, 2025:




46
                                                                                         Annual Report 2025




                                                                                     REPORT OF DIRECTORS




(a)   Mr. Jiang Bo (an Executive Director) was the chairman of China TravelSky Holding Company Limited;

(b)   Mr. Huang Rongshun (an Executive Director) was a director and general manager of China TravelSky
      Holding Company Limited;

(c)   Mr. Sun Yuquan (a Non-executive Director) was the chief accountant of China National Aviation Holding
      Corporation Limited;

(d)   Mr. Qu Guangji (a Non-executive Director) was a deputy general manager of China Southern Air Holding
      Co., Ltd.;

(e)   Ms. He Xiaoqun (a Non-executive Director) was a deputy general manager of China Eastern Air Holding
      Co., Ltd.; and

(f)   Ms. Liang Shuang (an Employee Representative Director) was the full-time vice chairperson of the
      labor union of China TravelSky Holding Company Limited.

As at December 31, 2025, none of the directors and any of their respective associates had engaged in or had
any interest in any business which competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the
business of the Group.


CHANGES OF DIRECTORS
Details in relation to the changes of directors during the year are set out in the section headed “Corporate
Governance Report”.


CHANGES OF THE INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS AND CHIEF
EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Since the publication of 2025 Interim Report of the Company up to the latest practicable date prior to the
publication of this report, the changes in the information of Directors and chief executive officer of the
Company required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules are as follows:

Mr. Huang Rongshun, an Executive Director of the seventh session of the Board, ceased to be the chairman
of the Company in December 2025, ceased to serve as the General Manager of the Company in March 2026,
and ceased to serve as an Executive Director of the Company, a member of the Strategy and Investment
Committee (Legal Compliance Committee) in April 2026.




                                                                                                         47
TravelSky Technology Limited




REPORT OF DIRECTORS




Mr. Qu Guangji, a Non-executive Director of the seventh session of the Board, ceased to be the deputy
general manager and Party Member of China Southern Air Holding Limited Company, and the deputy general
manager of China Southern Airlines Co., Ltd.* (中國南方航空股份有限公司) in January 2026; and has served
as a director, general manager and Deputy Secretary of the Party Group of China National Aviation Holding
Corporation Limited* (中國航空集團有限公司) since January 2026.

Mr. Chan Wing Tak Kevin, an Independent Non-executive Director of the seventh session of the Board, has
served as a member of the Financial Education Coordination Committee upon appointment by the SFC of
Hong Kong since September 2025.

Save as the information disclosed above, “Corporate Governance Report” section and the biographies of
Directors in this report, there is no other change in the information of the Directors required to be disclosed.


SERVICE CONTRACTS OF DIRECTORS
All members of the seventh session of the Board of the Company have respectively entered into service
contracts with the Company. The seventh session of the Board will be held for a term of three years
commencing from February 27, 2020. As no general election has yet been held, they are required to continue
to perform their duties in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Articles of Association and the
relevant terms of their respective Service Contracts until a new term of office is elected. For the year ended
December 31, 2025, none of the directors had entered or proposed to enter into a service contract with any
member of the Group which shall not be terminated upon expiration or is not terminable by the employer
within one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).




48
                                                                                            Annual Report 2025




                                                                                        REPORT OF DIRECTORS




PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
As of December 31, 2025, all directors of the Company were covered under the liability insurance purchased
by the Company for its directors.


REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE
Details of the remuneration of directors and senior management are set out in Note 12.5 to the financial
statements.


TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS, OR CONTRACTUAL INTERESTS OF
DIRECTORS OR THEIR RELATED ENTITIES
Certain members of the seventh session of the Board of the Company are also the members of the
management of various PRC commercial airlines which are the shareholders of the Company. The contracts
or transactions entered into between the Company or any of its subsidiaries and such airline shareholders
have been referred to in the section headed “Connected Transactions” in this Report of Directors. Save as
disclosed above, none of the directors or their connected entities was materially interested, either directly or
indirectly, in any transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to which the Company or any of its
subsidiaries was a party during, or at the end of Year 2025.


DIVIDEND POLICY AND ANNUAL DIVIDEND
Upon approval at the annual general meeting on June 12, 2025, the Company's dividend policy has been
adjusted as follows: the Board shall propose to the general meeting the distribution of dividends (including
cash dividend distribution plan) on an annual basis, taking into account factors such as the current
operations of the Company, the capital requirement for future development as well as the sustainable
development of the Company, etc. Generally, the Company distributes annual final dividends in cash once
every year, the total amount of such cash dividend represents approximately 35% to 45% of the income
statement of the parent company for the year.

The Board proposed the distribution of a final cash dividend of RMB0.276 per share (tax inclusive) for Year
2025. For details, please refer to the section headed “Distribution of Profit” in “Management Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations”.


RESERVES AVAILABLE FOR DISTRIBUTION TO SHAREHOLDERS
After the appropriation of the statutory surplus reserve fund and the discretionary surplus reserve fund from
the Company, the reserves available for distribution to shareholders as at December 31, 2025 amounted to
RMB9,932.1 million (as at December 31, 2024: RMB9,094.8 million). Details of changes are set out in the
statement of changes in equity in this report.


TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION OF STOCKHOLDERS
The Company is not aware of any tax relief and exemption available by reason of holding of the Company’s
securities.




                                                                                                            49
TravelSky Technology Limited




REPORT OF DIRECTORS




MATERIAL LITIGATION
The Group was not involved in any material litigations or disputes in Year 2025.


DONATION
In 2025, the Group donated RMB15.033 million (2024: RMB12.068 million).


EMPLOYEES’ RETIREMENT SCHEME
Details of the employees’ retirement scheme of the Group are set out in the section headed “Employees” in
“Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations” and Note 16.1 to
the financial statements.


SUBSIDIARIES AND ASSOCIATED COMPANIES
Particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries and associated companies as at December 31, 2025 are set out in
Note 8 to the financial statements.


PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
The Group recorded gains from disposal of assets of RMB2.742 million in Year 2025. Movements in property,
plant and equipment are summarized in Note 5.54 to the financial statements.


MAJOR SUPPLIERS AND CUSTOMERS
The Group deeply acknowledges the importance of maintaining good relations with its suppliers and
customers to achieve its long-term goals and maintain its leading position in the market.

Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast Cares Company Limited was the largest supplier of the Group for Year
2025 and the total fees paid by the Group to such company in Year 2025 accounted for 5.6% of the Group’s
total operating expenses (after deducting depreciation and amortization expenses). During Year 2025, the
total fees paid to the five largest suppliers of the Group accounted for 10.3% of the Group’s total operating
expenses (after deducting depreciation and amortization expenses).

The Group strictly complies with the “Bidding Law of the People’s Republic of China” and the “Regulation on
the Implementation of the Bidding Law of the People’s Republic of China” and other laws and regulations,
and the Group has been exploring and improving its supplier management system. The Group formulated
its “Supplier Management Measures”, followed the “market access mechanism” for suppliers and selected
excellent suppliers against a set of criteria based on price, quality, technology, integrity and etc., and
prevented the supplier’s information leakage, damage, loss through reasonable and effective information
security technology and management process. The Group will continue to improve the ability to identify and
monitor environmental and social risks of suppliers, hold activities for suppliers’ communication regularly,
listen to and absorb the opinions and advice from suppliers, and work with suppliers to improve their
sustainable development performance.




50
                                                                                          Annual Report 2025




                                                                                      REPORT OF DIRECTORS




Sales to the largest customer of the Group, Air China Limited, accounted for 14.2% of the Group’s revenue
from its sales of goods or rendering of services for Year 2025. During the same period, the total sales to
the Group’s five largest customers accounted for 42.5% of the Group’s revenue from its sales of goods or
rendering of services. Three of these top five customers were Air China Limited, China Southern Airlines Co.,
Ltd. and China Eastern Airlines Co., Ltd. Their respective controlling shareholders, namely, China National
Aviation Holding Corporation Limited, China Southern Air Holding Co., Ltd. and China Eastern Air Holding
Co., Ltd., each held more than 5% and together held an aggregate of approximately 26.41% of the number of
the issued shares of the Company as at December 31, 2025. Since listing, the Company has been providing
services to the above major customers continuously, which are commercial airlines in China. The revenue
derived from the above major customers is set out in Note 12.5 to the financial statements.

The Group adheres to the customer service policy of “customer-oriented” and strives to provide products
and services that meet customer needs as a long-term partner of customers in a sustained way. In the
operation and management, the Group always adheres to the “provision of excellent information services”
as its core philosophy, and quickly responds to customer needs. Through the full-process service of
“customer-oriented”, the Group has comprehensively improved customer satisfaction and loyalty.

Save as disclosed in this report and in Note 12.5 to the financial statements, none of the directors and their
close associates nor any shareholder (which to the knowledge of the directors held more than 5% of the
number of the issued shares of the Company) had any interests in any of the aforementioned suppliers and
customers.


CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
The Company has formulated connected transaction management measures, including the arrangements in
relation to the identification, management, control, approval and disclosures of connected transactions and
the relevant internal control measures. The directors confirm that the following transactions are connected
transactions or continuing connected transactions of the Company (some of them are also related party
transactions as set out in Note 12.5 to the financial statements) which are the connected transactions or
continuing connected transactions as defined under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The Company has
complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Details
of major related party transactions entered into by the Group during the Reporting Period are set out
in the Note 12.5 to the financial statements of this annual report. Except the transactions described in
the “Connected Transactions” section of this report of the Board of Directors (such transactions are in
conformity with the disclosure requirements of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules), none of these related party
transactions constitute connected transactions (as defined in Listing Rules) that need to be disclosed.




                                                                                                           51
TravelSky Technology Limited




REPORT OF DIRECTORS




CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
The auditor has issued his unqualified letter containing his/her findings and conclusions in respect of the
continuing connected transactions disclosed by the Group as set out in the following (a) to (f) in accordance
with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules.

In the opinion of the Independent Non-executive Directors of the Company, the continuing connected
transactions of the Company in Year 2025 (the following (a) to (f)): (i) were entered into in the usual and
ordinary course of business of the Group; (ii) were conducted on normal commercial terms or better; and (iii)
were conducted on the terms of the relevant agreements governing those transactions, which are fair and
reasonable and in the interests of the shareholders of the Group as a whole.

During the Year 2025, the Group continued to carry out the following transactions, which constituted
continuing connected transactions as defined in the Listing Rules, and are required to be disclosed
in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The Company confirms that the execution and
enforcement of specific agreements under the continuing connected transactions during the Reporting
Period have followed the pricing principles of such continuing connected transactions.

(a) The Data Centre Racks Tenancy Contract entered into between the Company
    and CTCD

     China TravelSky Holding Company Limited is the promoter and a substantial shareholder of the
     Company. It holds approximately 29.55% of the issued share capital of the Company. China TravelSky
     Cloud Data Company Limited* (中航信雲數據有限公司) (“CTCD”) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of China
     TravelSky Holding Company Limited. Thus, CTCD is a connected person of the Company.

     As stated in the announcements of the Company dated September 1 and December 28, 2022, the
     Company and CTCD entered into the Centre Tenancy Contract on a Disaster Recovery Project of
     TravelSky (“Old Data Centre Tenancy Contract”) on September 1, 2022, pursuant to which CTCD agreed
     to lease racks in the server room 2FM3 of the Jiaxing Data Centre to the Company for a term of three
     years from September 1, 2022 to August 31, 2025. On December 28, 2022, the Company entered into
     the Supplemental Agreement to the Old Data Centre Tenancy Contract with CTCD, pursuant to which
     CTCD agreed to lease additional racks in the server rooms 2FM1 and 2FM4 of the Jiaxing Data Centre
     to the Company for a period from January 1, 2023 to August 31, 2025.

     As stated in the announcement of the Company dated April 29, 2025, the Company and CTCD entered
     into the New Data Centre Racks Tenancy Contract (“New Data Centre Tenancy Contract”), pursuant
     to which CTCD agreed to lease the racks in the server rooms 2FM1, 2FM3, 2FM4, 3FM3 and 4FM3
     of Jiaxing Data Centre to the Company for a term of three years commencing from May 1, 2025 and
     ending on April 30, 2028. Upon the New Data Centre Racks Tenancy Contract becoming effective, the
     Old Data Centre Tenancy Contract and its Supplemental Agreement were terminated early on April 30,
     2025.




52
                                                                                    Annual Report 2025




                                                                             REPORT OF DIRECTORS




As stated in the announcement of the Company dated August 29, 2025, the Company and CTCD entered
into the Supplemental Agreement to the New Data Centre Tenancy Contract, pursuant to which CTCD
agreed to lease additional racks in the server room 4FM1 of Jiaxing Data Centre to the Company for a
term from September 1, 2025 to April 30, 2028.

Thus, pursuant to the Listing Rules, the proposed transactions under the data centre racks tenancy
contracts (including the New Data Centre Tenancy Contract and its Supplemental Agreement)
constitute the continuing connected transactions of the Company.

Date:                      the New Data Centre Tenancy Contract was entered into on April 29, 2025

                           the Supplemental Agreement to the New Data Centre Tenancy Contract
                           was entered into on August 29, 2025

Term:                      the New Data Centre Tenancy Contract has a term of three years from
                           May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2028, and its Supplemental Agreement has a term
                           from September 1, 2025 to April 30, 2028.

                           The Company has the right to renew the term by negotiating with CTCD
                           one month prior to expiry of the term.

Parties:                   CTCD, as the lessor; and the Company, as the tenant.

Rack rental fees:          (1)    The categories and prices (tax inclusive, and the tax rate is 6%)
                                  of the specific racks for renting in the server rooms 2FM1, 2FM3,
                                  3FM3 and 4FM3 are as follows:

                                  (i)     3KW racks, RMB3,975 per rack per month;

                                  (ii)    4KW racks, RMB4,700 per rack per month;

                                  (iii)   5KW racks, RMB5,425 per rack per month;

                                  (iv)    6KW racks, RMB7,050 per rack per month;




                                                                                                   53
TravelSky Technology Limited




REPORT OF DIRECTORS




                               (2)   The categories and prices (tax inclusive, and the tax rate is 6%)
                                     of the specific racks for renting in the server room 2FM4 are as
                                     follows:

                                     (i)     3KW racks, RMB3,675 per rack per month;

                                     (ii)    4KW racks, RMB4,400 per rack per month;

                                     (iii)   5KW racks, RMB5,125 per rack per month;

                                     (iv)    8KW racks, RMB9,100 per rack per month.

                               (3)   The categories and prices (tax inclusive, and the tax rate is 6%)
                                     of the specific racks for renting in the server room 4FM1 are as
                                     follows:

                                     (i)     3KW racks, RMB3,975 per rack per month;

                                     (ii)    4KW racks, RMB4,700 per rack per month;

                                     (iii)   5KW racks, RMB5,425 per rack per month;

                                     (iv)    6KW racks, RMB7,050 per rack per month;

                                     (v)     8KW racks, RMB9,400 per rack per month;

                                     (vi)    10KW racks, RMB11,750 per rack per month.

                               Since the commencement date of the lease term, CTCD will charge the
                               rack rental fees according to the number of racks used by the Company
                               and the actual number of days of use of racks on a monthly basis.

                               Rental fees for each batch of racks for the first month =(monthly fees/
                               number of days during the month)* actual number of days to use the
                               racks, which shall be rounded up to the nearest whole number. The fees
                               will be charged normally on a monthly basis from the next month.




54
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025




                                                                                                REPORT OF DIRECTORS




                                  From the commencement date of the lease period, the Company will
                                  be charged a discounted unit price of RMB2,256 (tax inclusive, and the
                                  tax rate is 6%) per rack per month for the reserved racks in the server
                                  room module 2FM1, 2FM3, 3FM3, 4FM1 and 4FM3 that have not been
                                  activated for use by the Company; a discounted unit price of RMB1,956
                                  (tax inclusive, and the tax rate is 6%) per rack per month for the reserved
                                  racks in the server room module 2FM4 that have not been activated
                                  for use by the Company；and a discounted unit price of RMB2,256 (tax
                                  inclusive, and the tax rate is 6%) per rack per month for the reserved
                                  racks in the server room 4FM1 that have not been activated for use by the
                                  Company.

Additional charges:               The total power rating of the electrical equipment on a single rack does
                                  not in principle exceed the power limit of that rack; if exceed, additional
                                  fees for the excess thereof shall be charged at a price of RMB219/A/month
                                  (tax inclusive, and tax rate is 6%).

Payment terms:                    The rack rental fees shall be settled on a basis of calendar quarter. The
                                  Company shall pay the fees of last quarter to CTCD within 30 calendar
                                  days upon the receipt of invoice specifically used for value-added tax from
                                  CTCD. Any additional charges incurred shall be settled together.

                                  If, without valid reasons, the Company fails to pay the rack rental fees and
                                  additional charges (if any) within one week of the due date, the Company
                                  shall pay CTCD a penalty of 0.01% of the amount payable for each day of
                                  delay.

From January 1, 2025 to December 31, 2025, the total value of the right-of-use assets for rack rental
of this continuing connected transaction was approximately RMB47,237 thousand (the annual cap was
RMB70,000 thousand), and the amount of additional charges was approximately RMB0 thousand (the
annual cap was RMB1,062 thousand).

Notes:


(1)   Pursuant to CASBE, the racks leased under the New Data Centre Tenancy Contract shall be recognised as
      right-of-use assets. Annual caps of the rack rental are set based on the total value of the right-of-use assets of
      racks expected to be leased by the Company in each year, which is calculated with reference to the total annual
      rentals of racks leased by the Company each year throughout the lease term, and based on discount of the
      Company’s incremental borrowing rate.


(2)   Pursuant to CASBE, the additional charges shall be directly included in costs due to failing to meet the definition of
      lease payment, and its annual caps shall be maximum amount of the additional charges to be paid by the Company
      to CTCD during relevant period.




                                                                                                                        55
TravelSky Technology Limited




REPORT OF DIRECTORS




(b) New Data Centre Ancillary Services Contract entered into between the Company
    and CTCD

     On January 1, 2023, the Company entered into the Data Centre Ancillary Services Contract on a
     Disaster Recovery Project of TravelSky (“Old Ancillary Services Contract”) with CTCD, pursuant to
     which CTCD agreed to lease the ancillary sites for production and living areas in Jiaxing Data Centre to
     the Company for a term commencing from January 1, 2023 and ending on August 31, 2025. Given that
     the Old Ancillary Services Contract was a contract with fixed terms, according to CASBE, the Company
     recognized a right-of-use asset of RMB4.76 million on a one-off basis on the date of entering into the
     Old Ancillary Services Contract. As the highest applicable percentage ratio calculated with reference
     to the value of such right-of-use asset was less than 0.1%, the transactions under the Old Ancillary
     Services Contract were fully exempt from the requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

     As stated in the announcement of the Company dated April 29, 2025, on April 29, 2025, the Company
     and CTCD entered into the Data Centre Ancillary Services Contract on a Disaster Recovery Project of
     TravelSky with non-fixed terms (“New Data Centre Ancillary Services Contract”), pursuant to which
     CTCD agreed to lease ancillary sites and ancillary facilities for production, living, office, etc. in Jiaxing
     Data Centre to the Company for a term of three years from May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2028. Upon the New
     Data Centre Ancillary Services Contract becoming effective, the Old Ancillary Services Contract was
     terminated early on April 30, 2025.

     Thus, pursuant to the Listing Rules, the transactions contemplated under the New Data Centre
     Ancillary Services Contract constitute the continuing connected transactions of the Company.



     Date:                         April 29, 2025

     Parties:                      (1)    CTCD, as the lessor; and

                                   (2)    the Company, as the tenant

     Leasing scope:                Ancillary sites and ancillary facilities for production, office and living, etc.
                                   in Jiaxing Data Centre (the property owner is CTCD)

     Validity of the Contract:     The term of the New Data Centre Ancillary Services Contract is three
                                   years, commencing from May 1, 2025 and ending on April 30, 2028.

                                   The Company has the right to enter into negotiations with CTCD for a
                                   renewal of the contract one month before the end of the validity period.




56
                                                                                  Annual Report 2025




                                                                              REPORT OF DIRECTORS




Rent, rental period and   (1)   Additional ancillary leasing services for production and office areas
payment terms:
                                (i)   The prices for newly-leased ancillary sites for production and
                                      office areas are as follows (the unit price includes tax at the
                                      rate of 9%):

                                                                             Unit price
                                                                                (RMB/      Quantity
                                      Items           Categories            sq.m./day)      (sq. m.)
                                      Production      Equipment Control           20.02          796
                                        area            Centre (ECC) and
                                                        Warroom
                                      Office area     Certain offices              1.99        1,319
                                                        on 1-3 floors of
                                                        the North Block,
                                                        Building 0004




                                                                                                  57
TravelSky Technology Limited




REPORT OF DIRECTORS




                                     (ii)    The prices of the ancillary equipment for the newly-leased
                                             production area are as follows (the unit price includes tax at
                                             the rate of 13%):

                                                                                                   Unit price
                                             Items                     Categories                 (RMB/day)
                                             Ancillary equipment   Equipment and                    2,717.18
                                               for production area   other value-
                                                                     added services

                                             Under the New Data Centre Ancillary Services Contract,
                                             the Company and CTCD will enter into a separate ancillary
                                             service order form, and the lease term shall commence
                                             from the commencement date as specified in the order form
                                             signed by both parties and end on April 30, 2028. Both parties
                                             agree that the annual rent for the new production and office
                                             areas shall be paid in full by the Company to CTCD within 60
                                             calendar days from the commencement date of the lease, and
                                             that the annual rent for subsequent years shall be paid in full
                                             by the Company to CTCD before January 31 of the relevant
                                             year.

                               (2)   Additional ancillary leasing services for office

                                     The prices for the additional ancillary sites for office are as follows
                                     (the unit price includes tax at the rate of 9%):

                                                                                     Unit price
                                                                                        (RMB/       Quantity
                                     Items                Categories                sq.m./day)       (sq. m.)
                                     Office area          Additional Office                1.99          180
                                                            Premise on 1st
                                                            Floor, South Block,
                                                            Building 0004
                                                            (1 room)




58
                                                          Annual Report 2025




                                                     REPORT OF DIRECTORS




      Under the New Data Centre Ancillary Services Contract, the
      Company and CTCD will enter into a separate ancillary service order
      form, and the lease term shall commence from the commencement
      date as specified in the order form signed by both parties and end
      on April 30, 2028. Both parties agree that the annual rent for the
      new ancillary sites for office shall be paid in full by the Company to
      CTCD within 60 calendar days from the commencement date of the
      lease, and that the annual rent for subsequent years shall be paid
      in full by the Company to CTCD before January 31 of the relevant
      year.

(3)   Additional ancillary leasing services for living area

      The prices for the additional ancillary sites for living area are as
      follows (the unit price includes tax at the rate of 9%):

                                             Unit price
                                                (RMB/
      Items                                 sq.m./day)    Quantity (sq. m.)
      Two-room dormitories                        1.128       Approximately
        (25 dormitories)                                              2,000

      Under the New Data Centre Ancillary Services Contract, the
      Company and CTCD will enter into a living ancillary space service
      order for each subsequent accommodation requirement, confirming
      the specific number of occupants and requirements, and will adhere
      to the living ancillary space service order. Both parties agree that
      the first year’s rent for the newly-leased living area shall be paid
      in full by the Company to CTCD within 60 calendar days from the
      date of signing the living ancillary space service order, and that
      the annual rent for subsequent years shall be paid in full by the
      Company to CTCD before January 31 of the relevant year.




                                                                         59
TravelSky Technology Limited




REPORT OF DIRECTORS




                                      (4)     Renewal of ancillary leasing services for production and living areas

                                              The prices for the renewed lease of ancillary sites in the production
                                              and living areas are as follows (the unit price includes tax at the
                                              rate of 9%):

                                                                                          Unit price
                                                                                             (RMB/           Rented area
                                              Items                                      sq.m./day)              (sq. m.)
                                              ECC                                              20.02                     99
                                              Spare parts warehouse                             4.18                    500
                                              Office Premise (6 rooms)                          0.99                    590
                                              Two-room dormitories                              1.09                    267
                                                (4 dormitories)

                                              Under the New Data Centre Ancillary Services Contract, the
                                              Company and CTCD will enter into a separate ancillary service order
                                              form, and the lease term shall commence from the commencement
                                              date as specified in the order form signed by both parties and end
                                              on April 30, 2028. Both parties agree that the annual rent for the
                                              production and office area shall be paid in full within 60 calendar
                                              days from the commencement date of the lease, and that the annual
                                              rent for subsequent years shall be paid in full by the Company to
                                              CTCD before January 31 of the relevant year.

     From January 1, 2025 to December 31, 2025, the total value of the right-of-use assets of this continuing
     connected transaction was approximately RMB4,612 thousand (the annual cap was RMB10,000
     thousand).

     Note:


     Pursuant to CASBE, the ancillary sites and ancillary facilities leased under the New Data Center Ancillary Services
     Contract will be recognized as right-of-use assets. Annual caps of the rental of ancillary sites and ancillary facilities
     are set based on the total value of the right-of-use assets of ancillary sites and ancillary facilities expected to be
     leased by the Company in each year, which is calculated with reference to the total annual rentals of ancillary sites and
     ancillary facilities leased by the Company each year throughout the lease term, and based on discount of the Company’s
     incremental borrowing rate.




60
                                                                                   Annual Report 2025




                                                                               REPORT OF DIRECTORS




(c) The Computing Power Services Contract entered into between the Company and
    CTCD

   As stated in the announcement of the Company dated August 29, 2025, the Company and CTCD entered
   into the Computing Power Services Contract, pursuant to which CTCD has agreed to provide the
   computing power services to the Company for a term commencing from September 1, 2025 and ending
   on August 31, 2026.

   Date:                                        August 29, 2025

   Service term:                                from September 1, 2025 to August 31, 2026

   Parties:                                     (1)   CTCD, as service provider; and

                                                (2)   the Company, as service recipient

   Service content:                             CTCD will build an AI computing power platform of
                                                private deployment for the Company in its data centre,
                                                providing computing power services, with total scale
                                                of 20P, including 9 intelligent computing servers,
                                                networking devices required for private resource
                                                pools, all-flash distributed storage services, security
                                                services, computing power scheduling services, etc,
                                                and the specific contents include:

                                                (1)   CTCD shall provide corresponding computing
                                                      power resources and quality assurance
                                                      services (including fault handling of equipment
                                                      and platform, excluding daily operation and
                                                      maintenance of IT equipment and software
                                                      platforms) based on the Company’s computing
                                                      power resource requirements.

                                                (2)   CTCD shall be responsible for ensuring the
                                                      cabinet, power, HVAC, fire protection and other
                                                      server room services required for computing
                                                      power resources.

                                                (3)   CTCD shall provide 24/7 technical consulting
                                                      services and 24/7 warranty services, with a
                                                      response time within 30 minutes, and arrival at
                                                      the site within 3 hours for major failures.

                                                (4)   CTCD shall provide equipment          inspection
                                                      services twice per working day.




                                                                                                    61
TravelSky Technology Limited




REPORT OF DIRECTORS




     Payment term:                                  Service fees shall be settled on a quarterly basis,
                                                    following the pay-after-use model. The Company
                                                    shall pay the previous period’s fees to CTCD within 30
                                                    calendar days upon receipt of the special VAT invoice
                                                    issued by CTCD.

     From September 1, 2025 to December 31, 2025, the transaction amount of this continuing connected
     transaction was approximately RMB3,043 thousand (the transaction cap was RMB9,130 thousand).

(d) Services Agreement in relation to the provision of cloud services and computer
    system services by the Company to TravelSky Mobile Tech

     As stated in the announcement of the Company dated July 28, 2023, TravelSky Mobile Tech Limited
     (“TravelSky Mobile Tech”) is a 30%-controlled company of China TravelSky Holding Company Limited,
     a substantial shareholder of the Company, and is therefore a connected person of the Company. The
     Company entered into the Service Agreement with TravelSky Mobile Tech in relation to the provision
     of cloud services and computer system services by the Company to TravelSky Mobile Tech. The
     transactions thereunder constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under the
     Listing Rules.

     Date:                      October 8, 2016 (as supplemented by the supplemental agreement dated
                                May 26, 2020) and renewed on July 29, 2021 and July 28, 2023, respectively

     Parties:                   (1)     the Company (as the service provider); and

                                (2)     TravelSky Mobile Tech (as the service recipient)

     Term:                      As stated in the announcement of the Company dated June 29, 2020,
                                the term of the Service Agreement between the Company and TravelSky
                                Mobile Tech is from August 1, 2016 to July 31, 2021. Pursuant to the
                                supplemental agreement dated May 26, 2020, if the Company and
                                TravelSky Mobile Tech have no objection, the Service Agreement may be
                                renewed for two years upon expiration.

                                As stated in the announcement of the Company dated July 29, 2021, the
                                Board agreed to extend the term of the transactions under the Service
                                Agreement for two years from August 1, 2021 to July 31, 2023 upon the
                                expiry of the existing term on July 31, 2021.

                                As stated in the announcement of the Company dated July 28, 2023, the
                                Board agreed to extend the term of the transactions under the Service
                                Agreement for three years from August 1, 2023 to July 31, 2026 upon the
                                expiry of the existing term on July 31, 2023.




62
                                                                               Annual Report 2025




                                                                          REPORT OF DIRECTORS




Scope of services:   The Company continuously provides cloud services and computer system
                     services to TravelSky Mobile Tech, mainly including, the provision of
                     cloud computing infrastructure services (including but not limited to
                     the lease of related servers, provision of storage services and ancillary
                     database, backup and disaster recovery, computer room and operation
                     and maintenance services), and services relating to advanced interactive
                     executive for engines in cloud industry, etc.

Service fees:        The pricing of the aforementioned provision of services is determined
                     through arm’s length negotiation between the Company and TravelSky
                     Mobile Tech with reference to the costs relating to the specific services
                     and the processing volume and complexity of such services, and after
                     taking into account the market conditions from time to time. Based on
                     the actual situation of market price level and cost accounting data, the
                     Company will negotiate with TravelSky Mobile Tech in advance if the
                     Company intends to update the quotation standards for related services.
                     In particular, for cloud computing infrastructure services, the pricing
                     relating to the lease of related servers depends on the calculation
                     performance (such as the kernels and memories) and operation and
                     maintenance level of specific servers (the more advanced the calculation
                     performance and operation and maintenance level involved, the higher
                     the cost), and the unit price ranges from RMB1,234.09 per year (inclusive
                     of tax) to RMB11,842.03 per year (inclusive of tax); and the pricing
                     of the storage services depends on the storage capacity and storage
                     performance (the more advanced the storage capacity and storage
                     performance involved, the higher the cost), and the unit price ranges from
                     RMB2.41 per year (inclusive of tax) to RMB123.66 per year (inclusive of
                     tax); the miscellaneous fees will be charged for other ancillary services
                     in accordance with the pricing principles mentioned above; and the unit
                     price rates of advanced interactive executive for engines in cloud industry
                     shall not be higher than RMB2.15 (inclusive of tax), with tiered pricing (i.e.
                     the higher the transaction volume, the lower the unit rate, if applicable)
                     being adopted for the relevant services. During the term of the Service
                     Agreement, the total amount of various service fees paid by TravelSky
                     Mobile Tech to the Company in each calendar year shall be no less than
                     RMB40 million (“Minimum Service Fee”), and the shortfall shall be made
                     up, and the excess shall be paid according to the actual expenses. If the
                     actual performance days of the Service Agreement are less than one
                     calendar year due to early termination or other reasons (or the year in
                     which the Service Agreement is early terminated is less than one calendar
                     year), the Minimum Service Fee (or the Minimum Service Fee in the year
                     in which the Service Agreement is early terminated) shall be calculated
                     based on the standard of the actual performance days/365* RMB40
                     million.


                                                                                               63
TravelSky Technology Limited




REPORT OF DIRECTORS




     Payment terms:             The service fees for the above services are generally calculated on a
                                semi-annual or monthly basis and settled to the designated bank account
                                of the Company.

     From January 1, 2025 to December 31, 2025, the transaction amount of this continuing connected
     transaction was approximately RMB65,334 thousand (the transaction cap was RMB172,800 thousand).

(e) Service Framework Agreement in relation to the purchase of technology,
    products and maintenance services by the Company from TravelSky Mobile
    Tech

     As stated in the announcement of the Company dated January 31, 2024, the Company entered into
     the Service Framework Agreement with TravelSky Mobile Tech (“Service Framework Agreement”),
     pursuant to which TravelSky Mobile Tech agreed to provide technology development, product research
     and development, technical support and operation and maintenance services thereunder to the
     Company for a term of period from January 31, 2024 to December 31, 2025.

     As stated in the announcement of the Company dated December 24, 2025, the Board agreed that, upon
     the expiry of the term of the Service Framework Agreement on December 31, 2025, the term will be
     extended for three years commencing from January 1, 2026 to December 31, 2028.

     Date:                      January 31, 2024 and renewed on December 24, 2025

     Parties:                   (1)     the Company (as the service recipient); and

                                (2)     TravelSky Mobile Tech (as the service provider)

     Term:                      January 31, 2024 to December 31, 2025

                                As stated in the announcement of the Company dated December 24, 2025,
                                the Board agreed that, upon the expiry of the term on December 31, 2025,
                                the term of the Service Framework Agreement will be extended for three
                                years commencing from January 1, 2026 to December 31, 2028. If both the
                                Company and TravelSky Mobile Tech have not raised objection in writing,
                                the Service Framework Agreement will be renewed for three years upon
                                expiration and may be renewed twice. Under such circumstances, the
                                Company will duly perform its compliance obligations in accordance with
                                the applicable provisions of the Listing Rules.




64
                                                                                Annual Report 2025




                                                                            REPORT OF DIRECTORS




Scope of services and   (1)   Technology development services: If the Company engages
charges:                      the professionals of TravelSky Mobile Tech to provide product
                              development and other services for the Company’s customers such
                              as airlines and airports, the Company needs to pay TravelSky Mobile
                              Tech technology development service fees, and may negotiate and
                              sign the Technology Service Cooperation Agreement for relevant
                              services. The remuneration of labour services is determined
                              with reference to the standard of labour fees formulated by the
                              Company. The price of labour support is formulated with reference
                              to the standard of labour type, personnel level, geographical
                              distribution, standard of labour fees, and labour cost which is
                              determined based on the workload and difficulty of work.

                        (2)   Product research and development, technical support and operation
                              and maintenance services:

                              i.     If, based on business needs, products developed by TravelSky
                                     Mobile Tech shall be included into the Company’s brand
                                     product series, and the Company shall pay fees to TravelSky
                                     Mobile Tech, both parties may separately agree on the
                                     specific work details in writing according to the actual needs
                                     of specific projects and site conditions. For example, internet
                                     information technology and system, data service technology
                                     and system, artificial intelligence technology and system,
                                     smart hardware devices, blockchain technology and system
                                     and other integrated solutions etc.;

                              ii.    If TravelSky Mobile Tech promotes, markets, sells the
                                     products of the Company, the Company shall pay fees to
                                     TravelSky Mobile Tech. Both parties shall enter into product
                                     service and maintenance contracts for specific products at
                                     the agreed price. Based on the usage requirements of the
                                     products, after fully considering the cost and benefit, and
                                     with reference to the market conditions, both parties shall
                                     negotiate and confirm separately in writing; and

                              iii.   If TravelSky Mobile Tech is entrusted by the Company to
                                     provide system operation and maintenance services to the
                                     Company or its customers, the Company shall pay fees to
                                     TravelSky Mobile Tech. Both parties shall determine the
                                     relevant fees through negotiation based on the external
                                     revenue, market efficiency, project costs, and task objectives
                                     of the project and with reference to the market conditions,
                                     and separately confirm the service standards, fees and
                                     payment arrangements in writing.


                                                                                                65
TravelSky Technology Limited




REPORT OF DIRECTORS




     Pricing principles:       (1)   Where the relevant services are regulated by the government
                                     regulatory authorities, the fees shall be charged in accordance
                                     with the charging standards (prescribed prices) prescribed by
                                     government regulatory authorities (e.g. Civil Aviation Administration
                                     of China (“CAAC”));

                               (2)   If there is a recommended guidance price from the government
                                     regulatory authorities, both parties shall negotiate and formulate
                                     the charging standards with reference to the recommended
                                     guidance price;

                               (3)   If the government regulatory authorities do not have a prescribed
                                     price or guidance price, or the government-prescribed price or
                                     guidance price is cancelled or no longer applicable, both parties
                                     shall manually calculate the fees for technology development,
                                     product research and development, technical support and operation
                                     and maintenance services on the basis of not higher than the
                                     market price (if any) or the original government prescribed price or
                                     guidance price with reference to the Administrative Measures for
                                     Internal Technical Services of Travelsky Technology Limited 《中    (
                                     國民航信息網絡股份有限公司內部技術服務管理辦法》                            ). The labour
                                     cost standard shall be calculated according to the internal contract
                                     labour cost standard of the Company for the year. According to
                                     the current Internal Technical Labour Cost Standard of Travelsky
                                     Technology Limited 《中國民航信息網絡股份有限公司內部技術人工
                                                            (
                                     費用標準》     ) and with reference to the qualifications and experience
                                     of personnel required by the complexity and difficulty of the project,
                                     the estimated labour price does not exceed RMB37,800/person/
                                     month. If there is an update to the Administrative Measures for
                                     Internal Technical Services of TravelSky Technology Limited 《中國(
                                     民航信息網絡股份有限公司內部技術服務管理辦法》                           ) during the term
                                     of the Service Framework Agreement, the updated internal contract
                                     labour cost standard of the Company shall prevail. The Company
                                     and TravelSky Mobile Tech may negotiate to increase the labour
                                     cost standard by 10% depending on the difficulties of the project.
                                     If a third-party customer is willing to pay the implementation or
                                     operation and maintenance expenses separately due to market
                                     reasons, the labour standard can be referred to the agreement
                                     between the Company and the third-party customer, or the above
                                     internal contract labour standard; and

                               (4)   If TravelSky Mobile Tech is considered a connected person of the
                                     Company under the Listing Rules, then all transaction terms under
                                     that agreement must be established based on ‘normal commercial
                                     terms’ (as defined in the Listing Rules) and shall not be less
                                     favorable than the terms provided by the Company to independent
                                     third parties or those received from them.


66
                                                                                            Annual Report 2025




                                                                                         REPORT OF DIRECTORS




   Payment terms:             (1)    Both parties may enter into separate specific agreements (the “Sub
                                     agreements”) in accordance with the above “Scope of services and
                                     charges” and “Pricing principles”, and implement the payment
                                     terms in the Sub agreements.

                              (2)    If both parties do not enter into a Sub-agreement:

                                     i.        The payee shall issue the bill to the payer within 5 working
                                               days after the end of each settlement cycle (monthly,
                                               quarterly and annual) as agreed by both parties. The payer
                                               shall make the payment within 10 working days after
                                               receiving the bill unless either party disagrees.

                                     ii.       For system installation and debugging projects, the
                                               corresponding fees shall be paid according to the completion
                                               progress and acceptance results of the projects.

   From January 1, 2025 to December 31, 2025, the transaction amount of this continuing connected
   transaction was approximately RMB19,467 thousand (the annual cap was RMB100,000 thousand).

(f) Service Framework Agreement in relation to the provision of technology
    development, technical support and operation and maintenance services by
    China Transport Information to the Company

   As stated in the announcements of the Company dated December 13, 2022 and December 29, 2023, on
   December 13, 2022, the Company entered into the Service Framework Agreement with China Transport
   Information Co., Ltd. (“China Transport Information”), pursuant to which China Transport Information
   agreed to provide technology development, technical support and operation and maintenance services
   to the Company thereunder for a term of one year from December 13, 2022 to December 12, 2023. On
   December 28, 2023, the Board agreed to extend the term from January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2025
   upon the expiry of the existing term under the agreement on December 12, 2023. China Transport
   Information is a 30%-controlled company of China TravelSky Holding Company Limited, the substantial
   Shareholder of the Company. China Transport Information is therefore a connected person of the
   Company. As such, the transactions contemplated under the Service Framework Agreement constitute
   continuing connected transactions of the Company under the Listing Rules.

   Date:                      December 13, 2022 and renewed on December 29, 2023

   Parties:                   (1)          the Company (as the service recipient); and

                              (2)          China Transport Information (as the service provider)

   Term:                      December 13, 2022 to December 12, 2023 and (after the extension)
                              January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2025


                                                                                                           67
TravelSky Technology Limited




REPORT OF DIRECTORS




     Scope of services         (1)   Technology development services: If the Company engages the
       and charges:                  professionals of China Transport Information to provide product
                                     development and other services for the Company’s customers
                                     such as airlines and airports, the Company may pay China
                                     Transport Information technology development service fees,
                                     and may negotiate and sign the Technology Service Cooperation
                                     Agreement for relevant services. The remuneration of labour
                                     services is determined with reference to the standard of labour
                                     fees formulated by the Company. The price of labour support is
                                     formulated with reference to the standard of labour type, personnel
                                     level, geographical distribution, standard of labour fees, and labour
                                     cost which is determined based on the workload and difficulty of
                                     work.

                               (2)   Technical support and operation and maintenance services:

                                     i.    If China Transport Information promotes, markets, sells
                                           the products of the Company, the Company shall pay
                                           fees to China Transport Information. Both parties shall
                                           enter into product service and maintenance contracts for
                                           specific products at the agreed price. Based on the usage
                                           requirements of the products, after fully considering the cost
                                           and benefit, and with reference to the market conditions, both
                                           parties shall negotiate and confirm separately in writing; and

                                     ii.   If China Transport Information is entrusted by the Company
                                           to provide system operation and maintenance services to the
                                           Company or its customers, the Company shall pay fees to
                                           China Transport Information. Both parties shall determine
                                           the relevant fees through negotiation based on the external
                                           revenue, market efficiency, costs and task objectives of the
                                           project and with reference to the market conditions, and
                                           separately confirm the service standards, fees and payment
                                           arrangements in writing.




68
                                                                            Annual Report 2025




                                                                        REPORT OF DIRECTORS




Pricing principles:   (1)   Where the relevant services are regulated by government
                            regulatory authorities, the fees shall be charged in accordance
                            with the charging standards (prescribed prices) prescribed by the
                            government regulatory authorities (e.g. CAAC);

                      (2)   If there is a recommended guidance price from the government
                            regulatory authorities, both parties shall negotiate and formulate
                            the charging standards with reference to the recommended
                            guidance price;

                      (3)   If the government regulatory authorities do not have a prescribed
                            price or guidance price, or the government-prescribed price or
                            guidance price is cancelled or no longer applicable, both parties
                            shall manually calculate the fees for technology development,
                            technical support and operation and maintenance services on the
                            basis of not higher than the market price (if any, the customised
                            products or services provided by China Transport Information to
                            the Company shall have no market price for similar products or
                            services) or the original government-prescribed price or guidance
                            price with reference to the Internal Contract Management
                            Regulations of Travelsky Technology Limited 《中國民航信息網絡股
                                                                          (
                            份有限公司內部合約管理規範》                ). The labour cost standard shall be
                            calculated according to the internal contract labour cost standard
                            of the Company for the year. According to the current Internal
                            Contract Labour Cost Standard of Travelsky Technology Limited
                            for 2022 《中國民航信息網絡股份有限公司2022年內部合約人工費用
                                        (
                            標準》   ) and with reference to the qualifications and experience of
                            personnel required by the complexity and difficulty of the project,
                            the labour cost per capita is estimated to be between RMB13,374
                            per month and RMB36,000 per month. The Company and China
                            Transport Information may negotiate to adjust the labour cost
                            standard by 5%-10% depending on the difficulties of the project.
                            If a third-party customer is willing to pay the implementation or
                            operation and maintenance expenses separately due to market
                            reasons, the labour standard can be referred to the agreement
                            between the Company and the third-party customer, or the above
                            internal contract labour standard; and

                      (4)   If China Transport Information is deemed as a connected person
                            of the Company under the Listing Rules, all terms of transactions
                            hereunder must be on a “normal commercial terms” basis (as
                            defined under the Listing Rules) and no less favorable to the
                            Company than terms available to or from independent third parties.



                                                                                            69
TravelSky Technology Limited




REPORT OF DIRECTORS




     Payment terms:              (1)   Both parties may enter into separate specific agreements (the
                                       “Sub-agreements”) in accordance with the above “Scope of services
                                       and charges” and “Pricing principles”, and implement the payment
                                       terms in the Sub-agreements.

                                 (2)   If both parties do not enter into the Sub-agreements:

                                       i.    The payee shall issue the bill to the payer within 5 working
                                             days after the end of each settlement cycle (monthly,
                                             quarterly and annual) as agreed by both parties. The payer
                                             shall make the payment within 10 working days after
                                             receiving the bill unless either party disagrees.

                                       ii.   For system installation and debugging projects, the
                                             corresponding fees shall be paid according to the completion
                                             progress and acceptance results of the projects.

     From January 1, 2025 to December 31, 2025, the transaction amount of this continuing connected
     transaction was approximately RMB3,511 thousand (the annual cap was RMB13,000 thousand).


AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Audit Committee has reviewed the accounting policies and practices adopted by the Group and has
also discussed certain other matters relating to audit and risk management, internal control and financial
reporting, including the review of the audited financial statements for Year 2025.




70
                                                                                          Annual Report 2025




                                                                                     REPORT OF DIRECTORS




AUDITOR
As approved by the shareholders of the Company at the annual general meeting on June 12, 2025, BDO
China SHU LUN PAN Certified Public Accountants LLP (“BDO China”) was appointed as the auditor auditing
the Company’s financial reports in accordance with the CASBE and discharge the duties as an auditor
under the Listing Rules, with a term of office until the conclusion of the 2025 annual general meeting of the
Company. The Company has not changed its PRC auditor from Year 2018 to Year 2025.

According to the Financial Reporting Council Ordinance (Cap 588) of Hong Kong (effective from October 1,
2019), BDO China engaged by the Company is a recognised PRC auditor, i.e. a firm of practicing accountants
approved by both the Ministry of Finance of the PRC and the China Securities Regulatory Commission, and is
eligible to provide auditing services by using the CASBE to the mainland incorporated issuers listed in Hong
Kong.




By Order of the Board
Jiang Bo
Chairman

March 26, 2026




                                                                                                          71
TravelSky Technology Limited




AUDITORS’ REPORT

                                                                                  PCPAR [2026] No. ZK10035


TO ALL SHAREHOLDERS OF TRAVELSKY TECHNOLOGY LIMITED:

I    OPINION
     We have audited the financial statements of TravelSky Technology Limited (hereinafter referred to
     as the “TravelSky”), including the consolidated balance sheet and the balance sheet of the parent
     company as at December 31, 2025, the consolidated income statement and the income statement of
     the parent company, the consolidated statement of cash flows and statement of cash flows of the
     parent company, the consolidated statement of changes in shareholders’ equity and the statement of
     changes in shareholders’ equity of the parent company for the year then ended and the relevant notes
     to the financial statements.

     In our opinion, the financial statements attached are prepared, in all material respects, in accordance
     with the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises, and present fairly the consolidated financial
     positions and the parent company’s financial positions as at December 31, 2025 and the consolidated
     operating results and cash flows and the parent company’s operating results and cash flows for the
     year then ended.


II   BASIS FOR OUR OPINION
     We conducted our audit in accordance with the Auditing Standards for Certified Public Accountants of
     China. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditors’ Responsibilities
     for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of this auditors’ report. According to the Independence
     Standard No. 1 for Certified Public Accountants of China – Independence Requirements for Financial
     Statement Audit and Review Engagements and the Code of Ethics for Certified Public Accountants of
     China, we are independent of the Company, and we have fulfilled other responsibilities in the aspect
     of code of ethics. We have complied with the independence requirements applicable to the audit of
     public interest entities in conducting our audit. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is
     sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion.


III KEY AUDIT MATTERS
     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in
     our audit of the financial statements for the current period. The response to these matters is based on
     the overall audit of the financial statements and the formation of audit opinions. We do not express our
     opinions on these matters separately. We determine to communicate the following key audit matters in
     the auditors’ report:

     (I)    Impairment assessment of accounts receivable

     (II)   Revenue recognition




72
                                                                                       Annual Report 2025




                                                                                      AUDITORS’ REPORT




III KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)
   Key Audit Matters                                   How the audit addressed the matter

   (I)   Impairment     assessment     of   accounts
         receivable

   As at December 31, 2025, the carrying amount The key audit procedures we performed for the
   of TravelSky’s accounts receivable was impairment assessment of accounts receivable
   RMB6,179,475.40 thousand, for which management included:
   had provided an allowance for doubtful debts
   of RMB1,072,562.00 thousand. Management’s (1) Analyzing the reasonableness of TravelSky’s
   assessment of the recoverability of accounts            accounting estimates for allowance for
   receivable involves significant judgment. In            doubtful accounts, including the basis
   making such assessment, management needs                for grouping accounts receivable and the
   to make judgments on the expected solvency of           judgment for individually assessing expected
   the debtors based on past experience, including         credit loss allowance;
   customers’ repayment records, customers’
   financial conditions, aging of accounts receivable, (2) Evaluating whether the historical loss rates
   and assessment of current and expected economic         used in the expected credit loss model are
   environment, all of which involve significant           based on current economic conditions and
   management judgment. Therefore, we identified           forward-looking information;
   the impairment assessment of accounts receivable
   as a key audit matter.                              (3) Obtaining TravelSky’s aging analysis of
                                                           accounts receivable and the calculation sheet
                                                           for allowance for doubtful accounts, and
                                                           reviewing the accuracy of the calculation of
                                                           credit loss;

                                                       (4)   For significant accounts receivable,
                                                             assessing the accuracy of expected credit
                                                             loss allowance by analyzing the aging of
                                                             accounts receivable, the financial conditions
                                                             of customers, the expected conditions and
                                                             credit standing of the industries in which
                                                             they operate, and examining customers’ past
                                                             payment records and subsequent receipts.




                                                                                                       73
TravelSky Technology Limited




AUDITORS’ REPORT




III KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)
     Key Audit Matters                                  How the audit addressed the matter

     (II)    Revenue recognition

     The accounting policies and disclosures        for The main audit procedures we performed for
     revenue recognition are set in Note 3.25.          revenue recognition included:

     TravelSky’s revenue for the year ended December (1)      Testing and evaluating the design and
     31, 2025 was RMB8,765,840.10 thousand. According         operating effectiveness of TravelSky’s key
     to TravelSky’s accounting policies: revenue from         internal controls over revenue recognition;
     civil aviation information technology services,
     settlement and clearing services, and data network (2)   Selecting samples of sales contracts,
     services is recognized on a monthly basis as the         identifying key terms and conditions of the
     services are provided; for Airport digitalization        contracts, and evaluating whether the timing
     service revenue, where the project operation time        of TravelSky’s revenue recognition complies
     is generally shorter, revenue is recognized upon         with the requirements of the Accounting
     acceptance by the customer.                              Standards for Business Enterprises;

     Operating Revenue is a significant component of (3)      Performing revenue detail testing, selecting
     the income statement, and we therefore consider          samples from the revenue ledger, verifying
     revenue recognition as a key audit matter.               consistency with bills generated from the
                                                              business system, and checking contracts or
                                                              orders, sales delivery documents, delivery
                                                              acceptance records or acceptance reports;

                                                        (4)   Performing confirmation procedures
                                                              on major customers for the year ended
                                                              December 31, 2025;

                                                        (5)   Performing cut-off testing on revenue to
                                                              confirm whether revenue is recorded in the
                                                              correct accounting period.




74
                                                                                        Annual Report 2025




                                                                                       AUDITORS’ REPORT




IV OTHER INFORMATION
    The management of the Company (hereinafter referred to as “the Management”) is responsible for
    other information. The other information comprises the information covered in the 2025 annual report
    of the Company, but excludes the financial statements and our auditors’ report.

    Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information, and we do not and will
    not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

    In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
    information identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially
    inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears
    to be materially misstated.

    Based on the work we have performed, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement of the
    other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


V   RESPONSIBILITIES OF MANAGEMENT AND THOSE CHARGED WITH
    GOVERNANCE FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    The Company’s management (hereinafter referred to as “the Management”) is responsible for
    preparing the financial statements in accordance with the requirements of Accounting Standards for
    Business Enterprises to achieve a fair presentation, and for designing, implementing and maintaining
    internal control that is necessary to ensure that the financial statements are free from material
    misstatements, whether due to frauds or errors.

    In preparing the financial statements, the Management is responsible for assessing the ability of the
    Company to continue as a going concern, disclosing matters related to going concern (if applicable)
    and using the going concern basis of accounting, unless the Management either intends to liquidate
    the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

    Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the financial reporting process of the
    Company.




                                                                                                        75
TravelSky Technology Limited




AUDITORS’ REPORT




VI AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS
     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a
     whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’
     report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not
     a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with the audit standards will always detect a
     material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements may arise from fraud or error and are generally
     considered material if separate or aggregated misstatements are reasonably expected to possibly
     influence the economic decisions made by the users of financial statements on the basis of these
     financial statements.

     During the process of an audit conducted in accordance with audit standards, we exercise professional
     judgment and maintain professional scepticism. We also:

     (1)   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due
           to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain
           audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of
           not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from
           error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the
           override of internal control.

     (2)   Understand the internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that
           are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
           effectiveness of the internal control.

     (3)   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
           estimates and related disclosures made by the Management.

     (4)   Conclude on the appropriateness of the Management’s use of the going-concern assumption.
           Meanwhile, according to the audit evidence acquired, the management comes to conclusion
           on matters which may cause significant misgiving against the going-concern ability of the
           Company or whether the said situation exists material uncertainty or not. If we conclude that
           a material uncertainty exists, we are required to, in our auditors’ report, draw attention of the
           users of statements to the related disclosures in the financial statements; if such disclosures
           are inadequate, we should modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence
           obtained up to the date of our auditors’ report. However, future events or conditions may cause
           the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.




76
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025




                                                                                                     AUDITORS’ REPORT




VI AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
  (5)   Evaluate the overall presentation (including the disclosures), structure and content of the
        financial statements, and evaluate whether the financial statements represent the underlying
        transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

  (6)   We have acquired sufficient and proper audit evidence in regard to financial information
        relating to entity or business activities of the Company to give the audit opinion on the financial
        statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit.
        We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

  We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned
  scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in
  internal control that we identify during our audit.

  We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant
  ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and
  other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable,
  related safeguards.

  From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters
  that were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are
  therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditors’ report, unless these
  matters are forbidden by laws and regulations to be disclosed or in extremely rare circumstances,
  when the negative impact arising from the reasonable and expected communication about a certain
  matter in a auditors’ report exceeds the public interest benefits arising therefrom, we determine that
  such matter should not be communicated in the auditors’ report.




  BDO CHINA Shu Lun Pan                                       Certified Public Accountant of China:
  Certified Public Accountants LLP                            Gao Fei (Project Partner)

                                                              Certified Public Accountant of China:
                                                              Yang Yinhua

  Shanghai, China                                              March 26, 2026

  This auditors’ report and the accompanying financial statements are English translations of the Chinese auditors’ report
  and statutory financial statements prepared under accounting principles and practices generally accepted in the People’s
  Republic of China. In case the English version does not conform to the Chinese version, the Chinese version shall prevail.




                                                                                                                        77
TravelSky Technology Limited




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
As at December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


                                                                            As at               As at
                                                                     December 31,        December 31,
 Assets                                                   Notes             2025                2024
 Current assets:
   Cash and bank balances                                  5.1    10,059,017,494.73   10,548,986,496.67
   Balances with clearing companies
   Loans to banks and other financial institutions
   Financial assets held for trading                       5.2     3,414,508,219.18    2,218,192,945.21
   Derivative financial assets
   Notes receivable                                        5.3       248,143,157.49      269,118,893.54
   Accounts receivable                                     5.4     5,106,913,414.98    4,959,275,042.63
   Receivables financing
   Advances to suppliers                                   5.5      218,866,208.80       72,999,193.03
   Premiums receivable
   Reinsurance accounts receivable
   Reinsurance contract reserves receivable
   Other receivables                                       5.6     2,853,637,688.95    2,100,223,581.75
   Financial assets purchased under resale agreements
   Inventories                                             5.7       79,496,278.28       81,686,792.62
   Including: Data resources
   Contract assets                                         5.8       75,742,973.38       44,000,852.27
   Assets held for sale
   Non-current assets maturing within one year             5.9       545,671,917.81
   Other current assets                                   5.10     1,286,064,183.52     203,727,383.98


 Total current assets                                             23,888,061,537.12   20,498,211,181.70




78
                                                                                       Annual Report 2025




                                                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                As at December 31, 2025
                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


                                                                              As at              As at
                                                                       December 31,       December 31,
 Assets                                                    Notes              2025               2024
 Non-current assets:
   Disbursements of loans and advances
   Debt investments
   Other debt investments
   Long-term receivables
   Long-term equity investments                            5.11       927,965,569.04      899,875,105.43
   Investments in other equity instruments                 5.12     1,052,313,600.00    1,004,312,400.00
   Other non-current financial assets                      5.13     1,116,357,687.34    1,017,411,627.32
   Investment properties                                   5.14       169,818,798.42       84,971,063.92
   Fixed assets                                            5.15     2,976,476,809.06    2,784,164,532.52
   Construction in progress                                5.16        18,203,856.24       37,609,010.67
   Productive biological assets
   Oil and gas assets
   Right-of-use assets                                     5.17       286,900,097.77       43,889,847.06
   Intangible assets                                       5.18     1,699,851,111.76    2,004,840,572.58
   Including: Data resources                                           24,629,561.49       26,650,781.13
   Development expenditures                                 6.2       227,406,005.45       49,791,772.44
   Including: Data resources
   Goodwill                                                5.19           260,400.76         260,400.76
   Long-term deferred expenses                             5.20        28,371,085.56      25,919,254.65
   Deferred tax assets                                     5.21       654,306,807.30     592,031,037.44
   Other non-current assets                                5.22       144,301,861.08     651,357,806.69


 Total non-current assets                                           9,302,533,689.78    9,196,434,431.48


 Total assets                                                      33,190,595,226.90   29,694,645,613.18


The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

       Legal Representative:                 Chief Accountant:               Accountant in Charge:
             Bo Jiang                          Xianqing Liu                       Wei Zheng




                                                                                                      79
TravelSky Technology Limited




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
As at December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


                                                                           As at              As at
                                                                    December 31,       December 31,
 Liabilities and Shareholders’ equity                     Notes            2025               2024
 Current liabilities:
   Short-term borrowings                                  5.24    1,288,402,134.97   1,203,300,592.42
   Borrowings from central bank
   Loans from banks and other financial institutions
   Financial liabilities held for trading
   Derivative financial liabilities
   Notes payable
   Accounts payable                                       5.25    2,443,621,921.40   2,187,400,166.94
   Advances from customers
   Contract liabilities                                   5.26    1,050,430,852.10    645,608,277.80
   Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements
   Absorption of deposits and interbank deposits
   Receiving from vicariously traded securities
   Receiving from vicariously sold securities
   Employee compensation payable                          5.27      320,138,829.90     290,568,224.21
   Taxes payable                                          5.28      249,244,910.86     181,366,693.57
   Other payables                                         5.29    2,280,682,802.54   1,951,988,472.80
   Handling charges and commissions payable
   Reinsurance accounts payable
   Liabilities held for sale
   Non-current liabilities maturing within one year       5.30     137,224,917.67     241,577,991.50
   Other current liabilities                              5.31      65,291,971.02      22,905,296.79


 Total current liabilities                                        7,835,038,340.46   6,724,715,716.03
 Non-current liabilities:
   Reserves for insurance contracts
   Long-term borrowings                                   5.32     471,200,000.00
   Bonds payable
   Including: Preferred stock
              Perpetual bonds
   Lease liabilities                                      5.33     164,965,639.83        8,253,574.18
   Long-term payables                                     5.34         395,709.35          400,237.65
   Long-term employee compensation payable
   Provisions                                             5.35       1,702,448.23          20,000.00
   Deferred income                                        5.36       1,372,500.00         172,500.00
   Deferred tax liabilities                               5.21      90,693,021.34      64,097,885.48
   Other non-current liabilities


 Total non-current liabilities                                     730,329,318.75      72,944,197.31


 Total liabilities                                                8,565,367,659.21   6,797,659,913.34




80
                                                                                        Annual Report 2025




                                                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                 As at December 31, 2025
                                                   (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


                                                                              As at               As at
                                                                       December 31,        December 31,
 Liabilities and Shareholders’ equity                       Notes             2025                2024
 Shareholders’ equity:
   Share capital                                            5.37     2,926,209,589.00    2,926,209,589.00
   Other equity instruments
   Including: Preferred stock
              Perpetual bonds
   Capital reserves                                         5.38     1,267,468,110.48    1,267,468,110.48
   Less: Treasury stock
   Other comprehensive income                               5.39      135,684,837.81        98,947,549.31
   Special reserves
   Surplus reserves                                         5.40     4,871,436,773.32    4,509,067,403.87
   General risk reserves                                    5.41        15,228,948.37       13,260,933.32
   Retained earnings                                        5.42    14,767,735,851.01   13,489,875,636.21
   Total equity attributable to shareholders of
     the Company                                                    23,983,764,109.99   22,304,829,222.19
   Non-controlling interests                                           641,463,457.70      592,156,477.65


 Total shareholders’ equity                                         24,625,227,567.69   22,896,985,699.84


 Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                         33,190,595,226.90   29,694,645,613.18


The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

       Legal Representative:                  Chief Accountant:               Accountant in Charge:
             Bo Jiang                           Xianqing Liu                       Wei Zheng




                                                                                                       81
TravelSky Technology Limited




STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE PARENT COMPANY
As at December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


                                                                            As at               As at
                                                                     December 31,        December 31,
 Assets                                                   Notes             2025                2024
 Current assets:
   Cash and bank balances                                          7,120,057,312.32    7,834,760,091.25
   Financial assets held for trading                               3,414,508,219.18    2,218,192,945.21
   Derivative financial assets
   Notes receivable                                                  234,499,486.67      256,140,522.44
   Accounts receivable                                    17.1     4,672,467,944.67    4,501,083,064.12
   Receivables financing
   Advances to suppliers                                            213,844,999.74       85,883,638.82
   Other receivables                                      17.2      347,266,728.38      364,757,247.16
   Inventories                                                       33,298,107.35       15,568,327.05
   Including: Data resources
   Contract assets                                                   90,260,887.78       43,718,738.10
   Assets held for sale
   Non-current assets maturing within one year
   Other current assets                                            1,205,001,953.56     112,254,358.64


 Total current assets                                             17,331,205,639.65   15,432,358,932.79




82
                                                                                       Annual Report 2025




                                            STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE PARENT COMPANY
                                                                                As at December 31, 2025
                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


                                                                              As at              As at
                                                                       December 31,       December 31,
 Assets                                                    Notes              2025               2024
 Non-current assets:
   Debt investments
   Other debt investments
   Long-term receivables
   Long-term equity investments                            17.3     2,779,881,525.64    2,749,351,507.05
   Investment in other equity instruments                           1,052,313,600.00    1,004,312,400.00
   Other non-current financial assets                               1,116,357,687.34    1,017,411,627.32
   Investment properties                                               68,332,353.15       76,575,994.47
   Fixed assets                                                     2,678,632,911.14    2,368,661,653.66
   Construction in progress                                            18,302,912.84       37,708,067.27
   Productive biological assets
   Oil and gas assets
   Right-of-use assets                                                256,995,880.92       25,640,115.40
   Intangible assets                                                1,569,499,382.10    1,907,393,789.27
   Including: Data resources                                           24,629,561.49       26,650,781.13
   Development expenditures                                           206,551,818.76       29,133,718.79
   Including: Data resources
   Goodwill
   Long-term deferred expenses                                         24,800,201.82       23,246,289.52
   Deferred tax assets                                                636,975,903.83      577,152,101.52
   Other non-current assets


 Total non-current assets                                          10,408,644,177.54    9,816,587,264.27


 Total assets                                                      27,739,849,817.19   25,248,946,197.06


The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

       Legal Representative:                Chief Accountant:                Accountant in Charge:
             Bo Jiang                         Xianqing Liu                        Wei Zheng




                                                                                                      83
TravelSky Technology Limited




STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE PARENT COMPANY
As at December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


                                                                           As at              As at
                                                                    December 31,       December 31,
 Liabilities and Shareholders’ equity                     Notes            2025               2024
 Current liabilities:
   Short-term borrowings
   Financial liabilities held for trading
   Derivative financial liabilities
   Notes payable
   Accounts payable                                               2,624,968,520.63   2,477,488,442.40
   Advances from customers
   Contract liabilities                                             926,178,498.25     600,175,903.18
   Employee compensation payables                                   204,920,718.64     184,885,070.77
   Taxes payable                                                    148,449,251.36      76,100,180.35
   Other payables                                                 3,521,990,919.56   3,435,017,105.64
   Liabilities held for sale
   Non-current liabilities maturing within one year                117,942,531.58     228,450,779.77
   Other current liabilities                                        56,356,580.61      19,981,095.66


 Total current liabilities                                        7,600,807,020.63   7,022,098,577.77


 Non-current liabilities:
   Long-term borrowings                                            471,200,000.00
   Bonds payable
   Including: Preferred stock
              Perpetual bonds
   Lease liabilities                                               152,658,873.81        1,095,768.72
   Long-term payables
   Long-term employee benefits payable
   Provisions
   Deferred income                                                   1,372,500.00         172,500.00
   Deferred tax liabilities                                         76,801,994.15      51,251,622.27
   Other non-current liabilities


 Total non-current liabilities                                     702,033,367.96      52,519,890.99


 Total liabilities                                                8,302,840,388.59   7,074,618,468.76




84
                                                                                        Annual Report 2025




                                              STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE PARENT COMPANY
                                                                                 As at December 31, 2025
                                                   (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


                                                                              As at               As at
                                                                       December 31,        December 31,
 Liabilities and Shareholders’ equity                       Notes             2025                2024
 Shareholders’ equity:
   Share capital                                                     2,926,209,589.00    2,926,209,589.00
   Other equity instruments
   Including: Preferred stock
              Perpetual bonds
   Capital reserves                                                  1,366,207,124.26    1,366,207,124.26
   Less: Treasury stock
   Other comprehensive income                                         154,533,991.10      113,265,760.25
   Special reserves
   Surplus reserves                                                  4,865,930,581.12    4,503,561,211.67
   Retained earnings                                                10,124,128,143.12    9,265,084,043.12


 Total shareholders’ equity                                         19,437,009,428.60   18,174,327,728.30


 Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                         27,739,849,817.19   25,248,946,197.06


The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

       Legal Representative:                  Chief Accountant:               Accountant in Charge:
             Bo Jiang                           Xianqing Liu                       Wei Zheng




                                                                                                       85
TravelSky Technology Limited




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


 Items                                                     Notes         Year 2025          Year 2024
 I.    Total operating income                                      8,765,840,085.25   8,823,023,320.85
       Including: Operating income                         5.43    8,765,840,085.25   8,823,023,320.85
                  Interest income
                  Earned premium
                  Fees and commission income


 II.   Total operating costs                                       6,333,077,981.40   6,453,463,540.66
       Including: Operating costs                          5.43    4,306,843,626.08   4,309,889,220.28
                  Interest expenses
                  Handling charges and Commissions
                     Expenses
                  Refunds of insurance premiums
                  Net payments for insurance claims
                  Net provisions for insurance liability
                     reserves
                  Commissions on insurance policies
                  Cession charges
                  Taxes and surcharges                     5.44       97,513,204.30      94,602,042.56
                  Selling and distribution expenses        5.45      112,974,855.05      97,168,483.37
                  General and administrative expenses      5.46    1,305,083,079.13   1,336,560,399.53
                  Research and development expenses        5.47      615,641,255.14     824,636,765.01
                  Financial expenses                       5.48     -104,978,038.30    -209,393,370.09
                  Including: Interest expenses                        20,647,822.61      11,482,616.50
                              Interest income                        115,898,872.01     199,101,553.97
       Plus: Other income                                  5.49       13,805,793.64      12,160,789.60
             Investment income (“-” for losses)            5.50       83,680,802.71      80,660,549.24
             Including: Gains from investment in
                           associates and joint ventures             50,791,547.29      43,718,133.70
                         Gains from derecognition of
                           financial assets measured at
                           amortized cost
             Foreign exchange gains (“-” for losses)
             Income from net exposure hedging
               (“-” for losses)
             Gains from the changes in fair value
               (“-” for losses)                            5.51     127,175,113.78      77,609,482.49
             Credit impairment losses (“-” for losses)     5.52      35,320,944.64    -113,963,400.61
             Asset impairment losses (“-” for losses)      5.53      10,957,932.79     -25,352,094.14
             Gains from disposal of assets
               (“-” for losses)                            5.54       2,742,334.05       1,831,533.51




86
                                                                                        Annual Report 2025




                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                   (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


Items                                                      Notes           Year 2025           Year 2024
III. Operating profits (“-” for losses)                              2,706,445,025.46    2,402,506,640.28
     Plus: Non-operating income                             5.55         2,815,667.95       14,393,696.31
     Less: Non-operating expenses                           5.56        24,527,875.74       22,374,090.32


IV. Total profits (“-” for total losses)                             2,684,732,817.67    2,394,526,246.27
    Less: Income tax expenses                               5.57       278,829,122.90      265,962,687.99


V.   Net profit (“-” for net loss)                                   2,405,903,694.77    2,128,563,558.28
     (I) Classified by operating continuity
          1. Net profit from continuing operations
                 (“-” for net loss)                                  2,405,903,694.77    2,128,563,558.28
          2. Net profit from discontinued operations
                 (“-” for net losses)
     (II) Classified by ownership
          1. Net profit attributable to shareholders
                 of the Company (“-” for net loss)                   2,341,561,691.06    2,074,272,594.78
          2. Net profit attributable to
                 non-controlling interests
                 (“-” for net loss)                                    64,342,003.71        54,290,963.50


VI. Other comprehensive income, net of tax                             36,737,288.50      152,187,066.07
    Other comprehensive income, net of tax
       attributable to shareholders of the Company                     36,737,288.50      152,187,066.07
    (I) Items that cannot be reclassified to profit
            or loss                                                    41,268,230.85      147,706,519.81
         1. Changes of re-measurement in
                 defined benefit plan
         2. Other comprehensive income that
                 cannot be transferred to profit or loss
                 under the equity method                                  467,210.85           -56,290.19
         3. Changes in fair value of other equity
                 instruments investment                                40,801,020.00      147,762,810.00
         4. Changes in the fair value of
                 the Company’s own credit risk
    (II) Items that may be reclassified to profit
            or loss                                                     -4,530,942.35        4,480,546.26
         1. Other comprehensive income that may
                 be reclassified to profit or loss under
                 the equity method
         2. Changes in fair value of other debt
                 investment



                                                                                                       87
TravelSky Technology Limited




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


 Items                                                      Notes           Year 2025          Year 2024
          3.  Amounts of financial assets reclassified
                to other comprehensive income
         4. Provisions for credit impairment of
                other debt investments
         5. Cash flow hedging reserves
         6. Differences arising from translation of
                foreign-currency financial statements                   -4,530,942.35        4,480,546.26
         7. Others
     Other comprehensive income, net of tax,
       attributable to non-controlling interests


VII. Total comprehensive income                                     2,442,640,983.27     2,280,750,624.35
     Total comprehensive income attributable to
       shareholders of the Company                                  2,378,298,979.56     2,226,459,660.85
     Total comprehensive income attributable to
       non-controlling interests                                       64,342,003.71       54,290,963.50


VIII. Earnings per share:
      (I) Basic earnings per share (RMB/share)              5.58                 0.80                 0.71
      (II) Diluted earnings per share (RMB/share)           5.58                 0.80                 0.71


The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

         Legal Representative:                Chief Accountant:               Accountant in Charge:
               Bo Jiang                         Xianqing Liu                       Wei Zheng




88
                                                                                          Annual Report 2025




      STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                     (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


Items                                                         Notes          Year 2025           Year 2024
I.    Operating income                                        17.4     6,870,957,074.51    7,057,403,684.42
      Less: Operating costs                                   17.4     3,426,591,906.96    3,614,094,728.54
            Taxes and surcharges                                          78,903,296.40       76,884,371.30
            Selling and distribution expenses                             59,597,346.38       51,512,091.46
            General and administrative expenses                          978,166,737.02    1,014,056,508.86
            Research and development expenses                            493,488,774.80      583,951,616.11
            Financial expenses                                           -11,367,266.19     -100,361,473.61
            Including: Interest expenses                                  19,048,998.34       10,191,723.84
                        Interest income                                   34,056,658.46      104,668,784.86
      Plus: Other income                                                   2,430,942.42        5,265,767.33
            Investment income (“-” for loss)                  17.5       103,215,812.87       91,406,312.13
            Including: Gains from investment
                           in associates and joint ventures              53,231,102.27        28,298,087.79
                        Gains from derecognition of
                          financial assets measured at
                          amortized cost
            Gains from net exposure hedging
              (“-” for losses)
            Gains from changes in fair value
              (“-” for losses)                                          127,175,113.78        77,609,482.49
            Credit impairment losses (“-” for losses)                    34,275,891.23       -90,990,834.35
            Asset impairment losses (“-” for losses)                     10,618,936.92       -23,463,809.18
            Gains from disposal of assets
              (“-” for losses)                                             2,663,625.38          12,418.29


II.   Operating profits (“-” for losses)                               2,125,956,601.74    1,877,105,178.47
      Plus: Non-operating income                                             417,088.22       12,931,239.21
      Less: Non-operating expenses                                        22,459,014.77       12,925,372.35


III. Total profits (“-” for total losses)                              2,103,914,675.19    1,877,111,045.33
     Less: Income tax expenses                                           183,137,113.98      174,194,912.06


IV. Net profit (“-” for net loss)                                      1,920,777,561.21    1,702,916,133.27
    (I) Net profit from continuing operations
          (“-” for net loss)                                           1,920,777,561.21    1,702,916,133.27
    (II) Net profit from discontinued operations
          (“-” for net loss)




                                                                                                         89
TravelSky Technology Limited




STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


 Items                                                        Notes         Year 2025          Year 2024
 V.   Other comprehensive income, net of tax                            41,268,230.85      147,706,519.81
      (I) Other comprehensive income that cannot be
              reclassified to profit or loss                            41,268,230.85      147,706,519.81
           1. Changes in re-measurement of
                   the defined benefit plan
           2. Other comprehensive income that cannot
                   be transferred to profit or loss under
                   the equity method                                        467,210.85         -56,290.19
           3. Changes in fair value of other equity
                   instruments investment                               40,801,020.00      147,762,810.00
           4. Changes in the fair value of the
                   Company’s own credit risk
      (II) Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
           1. Other comprehensive income that may be
                   transferred to profit or loss under the
                   equity method
           2. Changes in fair value of other debt
                   investments
           3. Amounts of financial assets reclassified
                   to other comprehensive income
           4. Provisions for credit impairment of other
                   debt investments
           5. Cash flow hedging reserves
           6. Differences arising from translation of
                   foreign-currency financial statements
           7. Others


 VI. Total comprehensive income                                       1,962,045,792.06   1,850,622,653.08


 VII. Earnings per share
      (I) Basic earnings per share (RMB/share)
      (II) Diluted earnings per share (RMB/share)


The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

      Legal Representative:                   Chief Accountant:             Accountant in Charge:
        Bo Jiang                                Xianqing Liu                  Wei Zheng




90
                                                                                      Annual Report 2025




                   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


Items                                                  Notes            Year 2025            Year 2024
I.  Cash flows from operating activities
    Cash received from sales of goods and
      rendering of services                                      9,628,076,481.35      8,422,345,908.03
    Net increase in customer deposits and deposits
      from other banks and financial institutions
    Net increase in borrowings from central banks
    Net increase in loans from other
      financial institutions
    Cash received from receiving insurance
      premium of original insurance contract
    Net cash received from reinsurance business
    Net increase in deposits and investments
      from policyholders
    Cash received from interest, handling charges
      and commissions
    Net increase in loans from banks and other
      financial institutions
    Net capital increase in repurchase business
    Net cash received from vicariously
      traded securities
    Refunds of taxes and surcharges                                171,769,887.01         72,917,214.55
    Cash received from other operating activities       5.60   143,477,875,950.38    146,516,096,588.03
Sub-total of cash inflows from operating activities            153,277,722,318.74    155,011,359,710.61
    Cash paid for goods purchased
      and services received                                      2,317,198,939.95      2,239,552,560.85
    Net increase in customers’ loans and advances
    Net increase in deposits with central bank and
      with banks and other financial institutions
    Cash paid for original insurance contract claims
    Net increase in loans to banks and other
      financial institutions
    Cash paid for interest, handling charges
      and commissions
    Cash paid for policy dividends
    Cash paid to and on behalf of employees                      2,637,804,626.30      2,495,938,212.43
    Cash paid for taxes and surcharges                             951,167,157.65        891,067,231.35
    Cash paid for other operating activities            5.60   144,448,014,017.60    146,858,856,783.44
Sub-total of cash outflows from operating activities           150,354,184,741.50    152,485,414,788.07


Net cash flows from operating activities                5.61     2,923,537,577.24      2,525,944,922.54




                                                                                                     91
TravelSky Technology Limited




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


 Items                                                    Notes          Year 2025          Year 2024
 II. Cash flows from investing activities
     Cash received from disposal of investments                   11,096,576,060.18   6,721,510,545.25
     Cash received from returns on investments                       118,999,813.77      92,182,913.12
     Net cash received from disposal of fixed assets,
       intangible assets and other long-term assets                     339,074.54        1,728,567.06
     Net cash received from disposal of subsidiaries
       and other business units
     Cash received from other investing activities        5.60                               37,250.00
 Sub-total of cash inflows from investing activities              11,215,914,948.49   6,815,459,275.43
     Cash paid to acquire and construct fixed assets,
       intangible assets and other long-term assets                  842,793,056.82     353,479,429.14
     Cash paid for investments                                    13,264,660,527.17   5,567,869,665.00
     Net increase in pledge loans
     Net cash paid to acquire subsidiaries and other
       business units
     Cash paid for other investing activities             5.60                              442,553.74
 Sub-total of cash outflows from investing activities             14,107,453,583.99   5,921,791,647.88


 Net cash flows from investing activities                         -2,891,538,635.50    893,667,627.55


 III. Cash flows from financing activities
      Cash from absorption of investments
      Including: cash received by subsidiaries from
                   investment by minority shareholders
      Cash received from borrowings                                3,812,997,320.57   3,188,535,390.22
      Cash received from other financing activities
 Sub-total of cash inflows from financing activities               3,812,997,320.57   3,188,535,390.22
      Cash paid for debts repayments                               3,456,623,293.92   2,737,649,211.46
      Cash paid for distribution of dividends and
        profits or payment of interest                              744,218,133.73     517,761,079.90
      Including: dividends and profits paid to minority
                   shareholders by subsidiaries                       10,789,623.66      13,576,566.88
      Cash paid for other financing activities            5.60       124,238,174.12     129,935,186.71
 Sub-total of cash outflows from financing activities              4,325,079,601.77   3,385,345,478.07


 Net cash flows from financing activities                          -512,082,281.20    -196,810,087.85




92
                                                                                         Annual Report 2025




                                                                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                    For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


 Items                                                  Notes               Year 2025           Year 2024
 IV. Effect of fluctuation in exchange rate on cash
       and cash equivalents                                           -9,679,054.72           8,377,743.14


 V.   Net increase in cash and cash equivalents          5.61       -489,762,394.18       3,231,180,205.38
      Plus: beginning balance of cash and cash
              equivalents                                         10,507,711,480.03       7,276,531,274.65


 VI. Closing balance of cash and cash equivalents                 10,017,949,085.85      10,507,711,480.03


The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

      Legal Representative:                 Chief Accountant:                Accountant in Charge:
        Bo Jiang                              Xianqing Liu                     Wei Zheng




                                                                                                        93
TravelSky Technology Limited




STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS OF THE PARENT COMPANY
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


 Items                                                    Notes          Year 2025          Year 2024
 I.  Cash flows from operating activities
     Cash received from sales of goods and
       rendering of services                                       7,477,223,767.35   6,556,058,052.85
     Refund of taxes and surcharges                                  168,003,810.21      68,228,432.60
     Cash received from other operating activities                   323,597,778.92     769,933,189.97
 Sub-total of cash inflows from operating activities               7,968,825,356.48   7,394,219,675.42
     Cash paid for goods purchased and
       services received                                           2,238,121,485.82   2,273,985,124.48
     Cash paid to and on behalf of employees                       1,561,160,293.19   1,467,307,511.93
     Cash paid for taxes and surcharges                              732,909,173.60     696,639,446.97
     Cash paid for other operating activities                        788,883,288.51     720,494,679.75
 Sub-total of cash outflows from operating activities              5,321,074,241.12   5,158,426,763.13


 Net cash flows from operating activities                          2,647,751,115.36   2,235,792,912.29


 II. Cash flows from investing activities
     Cash received from disposal of investments                   10,841,563,517.66   6,724,664,171.19
     Cash received from returns on investments                       137,132,368.95     111,369,229.19
     Net cash received from disposal of fixed assets,
       intangible assets and other long-term assets                     143,260.46        1,613,194.06
     Net cash received from disposal of subsidiaries
       and other business units
     Cash received from other investing activities
 Sub-total of cash inflows from investing activities              10,978,839,147.07   6,837,646,594.44
     Cash paid to acquire and construct fixed assets,
       intangible assets and other long-term assets                  784,970,438.15     359,382,645.68
     Cash paid for investments                                    13,009,649,425.17   5,567,869,665.00
     Net cash paid to acquire subsidiaries and
       other business units
     Cash paid for other investing activities
 Sub-total of cash outflows from investing activities             13,794,619,863.32   5,927,252,310.68


 Net cash flows from investing activities                         -2,815,780,716.25    910,394,283.76




94
                                                                                          Annual Report 2025




                                                      STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS OF THE PARENT COMPANY
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                    (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


 Items                                                         Notes         Year 2025           Year 2024
 III. Cash flows from financing activities
      Cash from absorption of investments
      Cash received from borrowings                                     471,200,000.00
      Cash received from other financing activities
 Sub-total of cash inflows from financing activities                    471,200,000.00
      Cash paid for debts repayments                                    200,000,000.00
      Cash paid for distribution of dividends and profits or
        payment of interest                                              708,190,163.29     475,508,229.87
      Cash paid for other financing activities                           104,184,748.36     110,492,969.62
 Sub-total of cash outflows from financing activities                  1,012,374,911.65     586,001,199.49


 Net cash flows from financing activities                              -541,174,911.65      -586,001,199.49


 IV. Effect of fluctuation in exchange rate on cash
       and cash equivalents                                               -5,498,266.39        1,279,543.04


 V.   Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                        -714,702,778.93     2,561,465,539.60
      Plus: beginning balance of cash and
              cash equivalents                                         7,834,760,091.25    5,273,294,551.65


 VI. Closing balance of cash and cash equivalents                      7,120,057,312.32    7,834,760,091.25


The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

         Legal Representative:                Chief Accountant:                Accountant in Charge:
               Bo Jiang                         Xianqing Liu                        Wei Zheng




                                                                                                         95
                                                                                                                                                                                                           Year 2025




96
                                                                                                                                                            Equity attributable to shareholders of the parent company
                                                                                                          Other equity instruments                                   Less:                 Other                                                                                                                                Total
                                                                                                  Preferred Perpetual                               Capital      treasury         comprehensive           Special               Surplus          General       Undistributed                              Minority      shareholders’
      Items                                                                       Share capital       stock         bonds         Others          reserves           stock               income         reserves               reserves    risk reserves              profits           Sub-total         interest             equity

      I. Balance as at December 31, 2024                                       2,926,209,589.00                                            1,267,468,110.48                      98,947,549.31                          4,509,067,403.87   13,260,933.32   13,489,875,636.21    22,304,829,222.19   592,156,477.65   22,896,985,699.84
           Plus: Changes in accounting policies
                 Correction of accounting errors in prior periods
                 Business combination under common control
                 Others
      II. Balance as at January 1, 2025                                        2,926,209,589.00                                            1,267,468,110.48                      98,947,549.31                          4,509,067,403.87   13,260,933.32   13,489,875,636.21    22,304,829,222.19   592,156,477.65   22,896,985,699.84
      III. Increase/decrease in 2025 (“-” for decreases)                                                                                                                         36,737,288.50                            362,369,369.45    1,968,015.05    1,277,860,214.80     1,678,934,887.80    49,306,980.05    1,728,241,867.85
           (1) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                                        36,737,288.50                                                              2,341,561,691.06     2,378,298,979.56    64,342,003.71    2,442,640,983.27
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TravelSky Technology Limited




           (2) Capital contributed or reduced by shareholders
                  (i) Common stock contributions by shareholders
                  (ii) Capital contributed by the holders of other
                           equity instruments
                  (iii) Amounts of share-based payments
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2025




                           recognized in shareholders’ equity
                  (iv) Others
           (3) Profit distribution                                                                                                                                                                                       362,369,369.45     1,968,015.05   -1,063,701,476.26     -699,364,091.76    -15,035,023.66    -714,399,115.42
                  (i) Withdrawal of surplus reserves                                                                                                                                                                     362,369,369.45                      -362,369,369.45
                  (ii) Withdrawal of general risk reserves                                                                                                                                                                                  1,968,015.05       -1,968,015.05
                  (iii) Profit distribution to shareholders                                                                                                                                                                                                  -699,364,091.76     -699,364,091.76    -15,035,023.66    -714,399,115.42
                  (iv) Others
           (4) Internal carry-forward of shareholders’ equity
                  (i) Conversion of capital reserves into paid-in capital (or
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)




                           share capital)
                  (ii) Conversion of surplus reserves into paid-in capital (or
                           share capital)
                  (iii) Losses offset by surplus reserves
                  (iv) Carry-forward of changes in the defined benefit plan
                           for retained earnings
                  (v) Carry-forward of other comprehensive income for
                           retained earnings
                  (vi) Others
           (5) Special reserves
                  (i) Amount withdrawn in 2025
                  (ii) Amount used in 2025
           (6) Others
      IV. Balance as at December 31, 2025                                      2,926,209,589.00                                            1,267,468,110.48                     135,684,837.81                          4,871,436,773.32   15,228,948.37   14,767,735,851.01    23,983,764,109.99   641,463,457.70   24,625,227,567.69



     The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

                     Legal Representative: Bo Jiang                                                                                   Chief Accountant: Xianqing Liu                                                                            Accountant in Charge: Wei Zheng
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
                                                                                                                                                                                             Year 2024
                                                                                                                                              Equity attributable to shareholders of the parent company
                                                                                              Other equity instruments                                 Less:                 Other                                                                                                                          Total
                                                                                       Preferred Perpetual                                          treasury        comprehensive          Special              Surplus          General     Undistributed                            Minority      shareholders’
      Items                                                            Share capital       stock        bonds        Others   Capital reserves         stock               income         reserves             reserves    risk reserves            profits         Sub-total         interest             equity

      I. Balance as at December 31, 2023                            2,926,209,589.00                                          1,192,037,425.52                    -53,239,516.76                     4,221,794,668.50      13,260,933.32 12,171,069,311.04 20,471,132,410.62    547,461,920.59   21,018,594,331.21
           Plus: Changes in accounting policies
                Correction of accounting errors in prior periods
                Business combination under common control
                Others
      II. Balance as at January 1, 2024                             2,926,209,589.00                                          1,192,037,425.52                    -53,239,516.76                     4,221,794,668.50      13,260,933.32 12,171,069,311.04 20,471,132,410.62    547,461,920.59   21,018,594,331.21
      III. Increase/decrease in 2024 (“-” for decreases)                                                                         75,430,684.96                    152,187,066.07                       287,272,735.37                     1,318,806,325.17 1,833,696,811.57      44,694,557.06    1,878,391,368.63
           (1) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                         152,187,066.07                                                          2,074,272,594.78 2,226,459,660.85      54,290,963.50    2,280,750,624.35
           (2) Capital contributed or reduced by shareholders                                                                   75,430,684.96                                                                                                                  75,430,684.96                         75,430,684.96
                 (i) Common stock contributions by shareholders
                 (ii) Capital contributed by the holders of other
                         equity instruments
                 (iii) Amounts of share-based payments
                         recognized in shareholders’ equity
                 (iv) Others                                                                                                    75,430,684.96                                                                                                                   75,430,684.96                       75,430,684.96
           (3) Profit distribution                                                                                                                                                                        287,272,735.37                   -755,466,269.61    -468,193,534.24    -9,596,406.44    -477,789,940.68
                 (i) Withdrawal of surplus reserves                                                                                                                                                       287,272,735.37                   -287,272,735.37
                 (ii) Withdrawal of general risk reserves
                 (iii) Profit distribution to shareholders                                                                                                                                                                                 -468,193,534.24    -468,193,534.24    -9,596,406.44    -477,789,940.68
                 (iv) Others
           (4) Internal carry-forward of shareholders’ equity
                 (i) Conversion of capital reserves into paid-in
                         capital (or share capital)
                 (ii) Conversion of surplus reserves into paid-in
                         capital (or share capital)
                 (iii) Losses offset by surplus reserves
                 (iv) Carry-forward of changes in the defined
                         benefit plan for retained earnings
                 (v) Carry-forward of other comprehensive
                          income for retained earnings
                 (vi) Others
           (5) Special reserves
                 (i) Amount withdrawn in 2024
                 (ii) Amount used in 2024
           (6) Others
      IV. Balance as at December 31, 2024                           2,926,209,589.00                                          1,267,468,110.48                     98,947,549.31                     4,509,067,403.87      13,260,933.32 13,489,875,636.21 22,304,829,222.19    592,156,477.65   22,896,985,699.84



     The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

                   Legal Representative: Bo Jiang                                                                        Chief Accountant: Xianqing Liu                                                                         Accountant in Charge: Wei Zheng
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY




97
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                                              Year 2025




98
                                                                                     Other equity instruments                             Less:             Other                                                               Total
                                                                               Preferred Perpetual                                     treasury     comprehensive    Special                        Undistributed       shareholders’
      Items                                                   Share capital        stock       bonds       Others   Capital reserves      stock           income    reserves   Surplus reserves            profits             equity
      I. Balance as at December 31, 2024                    2,926,209,589.00                                        1,366,207,124.26               113,265,760.25              4,503,561,211.67   9,265,084,043.12   18,174,327,728.30
           Plus: Changes in accounting policies
                  Correction of accounting errors
                     in prior periods
                  Others
      II. Balance as at January 1, 2025                     2,926,209,589.00                                        1,366,207,124.26               113,265,760.25              4,503,561,211.67   9,265,084,043.12   18,174,327,728.30
      III. Increase/decrease in 2025 (“-” for decreases)                                                                                            41,268,230.85                362,369,369.45     859,044,100.00    1,262,681,700.30
           (1) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                           41,268,230.85                                 1,920,777,561.21    1,962,045,792.06
           (2) Capital contributed or reduced by
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TravelSky Technology Limited




                    shareholders
                (i) Common stock contributions by
                         shareholders
                (ii) Capital contributed by the holders of
                         other equity instruments
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2025




                (iii) Amounts of share-based payments
                         recognized in shareholders’ equity
                (iv) Others
           (3) Profit distribution                                                                                                                                               362,369,369.45 -1,061,733,461.21     -699,364,091.76
                (i) Withdrawal of surplus reserves                                                                                                                               362,369,369.45   -362,369,369.45
                (ii) Profit distribution to shareholders                                                                                                                                          -699,364,091.76     -699,364,091.76
                (iii) Others
           (4) Internal carry-forward of shareholders’
                equity
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)




                (i) Conversion of capital reserves into
                         paid-in capital (or share capital)
                (ii) Conversion of surplus reserves into
                         paid-in capital (or share capital)
                (iii) Losses offset by surplus reserves
                (iv) Carry-forward of changes in the
                         defined benefit plan for retained
                         earnings
                (v) Carry-forward of other comprehensive
                         income for retained earnings
                (vi) Others
           (5) Special reserves
                (i) Amount withdrawn in 2025
                (ii) Amount used in 2025
           (6) Others
      IV. Balance as at December 31, 2025                   2,926,209,589.00                                        1,366,207,124.26               154,533,991.10              4,865,930,581.12 10,124,128,143.12    19,437,009,428.60



     The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

                Legal Representative: Bo Jiang                                                   Chief Accountant: Xianqing Liu                                        Accountant in Charge: Wei Zheng
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY OF THE PARENT COMPANY
                                                                                                                                                 Year 2024
                                                                                       Other equity instruments                              Less:              Other                                                               Total
                                                                                 Preferred Perpetual                                      treasury      comprehensive    Special                        Undistributed       shareholders’
      Items                                                      Share capital       stock        bonds       Others   Capital reserves      stock            income    reserves   Surplus reserves            profits             equity
      I. Balance as at December 31, 2023                      2,926,209,589.00                                         1,298,570,506.29                -34,440,759.56              4,216,288,476.30   8,317,634,179.46   16,724,261,991.49
           Plus: Changes in accounting policies
                  Correction of accounting errors in
                     prior periods
                  Others
      II. Balance as at January 1, 2024                       2,926,209,589.00                                         1,298,570,506.29                -34,440,759.56              4,216,288,476.30   8,317,634,179.46   16,724,261,991.49
      III. Increase/decrease in 2024 (“-” for decreases)                                                                  67,636,617.97                147,706,519.81                287,272,735.37     947,449,863.66    1,450,065,736.81
           (1) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                              147,706,519.81                                 1,702,916,133.27    1,850,622,653.08
           (2) Capital contributed or reduced by
                shareholders                                                                                             67,636,617.97                                                                                      67,636,617.97
                (i) Common stock contributions by
                         shareholders
                (ii) Capital contributed by the holders of
                         other equity instruments
                (iii) Amounts of share-based payments
                         recognized in shareholders’ equity
                (iv) Others                                                                                              67,636,617.97                                                                                      67,636,617.97
           (3) Profit distribution                                                                                                                                                   287,272,735.37   -755,466,269.61     -468,193,534.24
                (i) Withdrawal of surplus reserves                                                                                                                                   287,272,735.37   -287,272,735.37
                (ii) Profit distribution to shareholders                                                                                                                                              -468,193,534.24     -468,193,534.24
                (iii) Others
           (4) Internal carry-forward of shareholders’
                    equity
                (i) Conversion of capital reserves into
                         paid-in capital (or share capital)
                (ii) Conversion of surplus reserves into
                         paid-in capital (or share capital)
                (iii) Losses offset by surplus reserves
                (iv) Carry-forward of changes in the
                         defined benefit plan for retained
                         earnings
                (v) Carry-forward of other comprehensive
                         income for retained earnings
                (vi) Others
           (5) Special reserves
                (i) Amount withdrawn in 2024
                (ii) Amount used in 2024
           (6) Others
      IV. Balance as at December 31, 2024                     2,926,209,589.00                                         1,366,207,124.26                113,265,760.25              4,503,561,211.67   9,265,084,043.12   18,174,327,728.30



     The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

                 Legal Representative: Bo Jiang                                                    Chief Accountant: Xianqing Liu                                          Accountant in Charge: Wei Zheng
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY OF THE PARENT COMPANY




99
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


1     COMPANY PROFILE
      TravelSky Technology Limited (hereinafter referred to as the “the Company” or “Company”) was
      incorporated in Beijing, the People’s Republic of China on October 18, 2000, with offering of 577,303,500
      shares at the time of establishment, par value of RMB1.00 per share, and totaled share capital of
      RMB577,303,500.00.

      On February 7, 2001, the Company completed its initial offering of H shares of 310,854,000 shares (par
      value of RMB1.00 per share) to overseas investors, and listed on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Ltd.
      (the “SEHK”), increasing its total share capital to RMB888,157,500.00 after the offering.

      On June 5, 2007, at the annual general meeting and class shareholders’ meeting of the Company,
      the Company approved to distribute bonus at RMB1.00 par value per share to shareholders with the
      capital reserves-equity premiums of RMB888,157,500.00, with one bonus share for each existing share
      held, totaling 888,157,500 shares for each existing share for one share, and meanwhile increased the
      share capital of the Company. After the conversion, the number of ordinary shares of the Company
      increased from 888,157,500 shares to 1,776,315,000 shares and the total share capital increased to
      RMB1,776,315,000.00.

      According to the Company’s extraordinary shareholders meeting resolution in July 2008, the Company
      issued 174,491,393 ordinary shares (par value of RMB1.00 per share) to China TravelSky Holding
      Company Limited (formerly known as China TravelSky Holding Company, hereinafter referred to as
      “CTH”) as all equities of China Accounting Center of China Aviation Limited Company (hereinafter
      referred to as “China Aviation Accounting”) acquired by the Company from CTH of all equity interests
      in China Aviation Settlement Co., Ltd. and the consideration for property (hereinafter referred to
      as “Property”) located at Dongxing Lane, Chaoyang District, Beijing, China. Upon completion of the
      acquisition in March 2009, the number of ordinary shares of the Company increased from 1,776,315,000
      shares to 1,950,806,393 shares and the total share capital increased to RMB1,950,806,393.00.

      In accordance with the resolution of the annual general meeting on June 28, 2011, the Company was
      approved to, by RMB975,403,196.00 by way of allocation of its reserves and retained earnings to capital,
      increase its share capital with discretionary surplus (RMB487,701,598.00) and undistributed profits
      (RMB487,701,598.00), and distribute the bonus to the shareholders of the Company whose names
      appeared on its register of shareholders on June 28, 2011, with one bonus share for every two shares
      of the Company held at that time, and the total share capital of the Company after the capital increase
      increased to RMB2,926,209,589.00.

      As at December 31, 2025, the Company cumulatively issued share capital was 2,926,209,589 shares,
      and the registered share capital was RMB2,926,209,589.00.




100
                                                                                          Annual Report 2025




                                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


1   COMPANY PROFILE (CONTINUED)
    The existing unified social credit code: 9111000071092729XP. Registered office: No. 7 Yumin Street,
    Houshayu Town, Shunyi District, Beijing. Legal representative: Jiang Bo (changed on January 12, 2026.)

    The Company’s business scope includes: Permitted items: Internet information service business.
    (Projects that require approval according to law can only be carried out with the approval of relevant
    departments. Specific business projects shall be subject to the approval documents or licenses of
    relevant departments). General business items: Industrial Internet data services; digital technology
    services; Internet data services; network technology services; computer software, hardware and
    peripheral equipment manufacturing; computer software, hardware and auxiliary equipment wholesale;
    computer software, hardware and auxiliary equipment retail; software development; technical services,
    technology development, Technical consultation, technology exchange, technology transfer, technology
    promotion; information technology consulting services; computer system services; information
    system operation and maintenance services; communication equipment sales; leasing services
    (excluding licensed leasing services); software sales; cloud computing equipment sales; Network
    equipment sales; technology import and export; goods import and export; information consulting
    services (excluding licensing information consulting services); information system integration services;
    intelligent control system integration. (The Company may independently choose business items and
    conduct business activities in accordance with the law) (any operating activity of the item banned and
    restricted by Beijing industrial policy may not be conducted.)

    The business nature of the Company is: Aviation information technology services.

    The industry in which the Company operates is: Other air transportation auxiliary activities.

    The Company’s main business activities are: The company targets airlines, airports, ticket sales
    agents, tourism companies, civil aviation-related institutions and international organizations, and
    provides a full range of air passenger business processing, air travel electronic distribution, airport
    passenger processing, air cargo data processing, Internet travel platforms, international and domestic
    Passenger and freight revenue management system applications and agency settlement and clearing
    services.

    The parent company of the Company is China TravelSky Holding Company Limited, and the effective
    controller of the Company is the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of
    the State Council of China.

    The Company and its subsidiaries are hereinafter collectively referred to as the “the Group”.

    The financial statements have been approved by the Company’s board of directors on March 26, 2026.




                                                                                                       101
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


2     BASIS OF PREPARATION FOR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      2.1 Basis of preparation
           The Company prepares financial statements in accordance with the “Accounting Standards for
           Business Enterprises – Basic Standards” and all the specific accounting standards, Application
           Guidance to the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises, the interpretation of the
           Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises and other relevant provisions (hereinafter
           referred to as the “Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises”). In addition, the financial
           statements are also in compliance with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules
           Governing the Listing of Securities issued by The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, as well
           as the applicable disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

      2.2 Going concern
           The financial statements are prepared on a going concern basis.


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      The following contents disclosed have covered the specific accounting policies and accounting
      estimates formulated according to the characteristics of actual production and business operation by
      the Company.

      3.1 Statement on compliance with the Accounting Standards for Business
          Enterprises
           The financial statements meet the requirements of the Accounting Standards for Business
           Enterprises issued by the Ministry of Finance, and truly and completely reflect the consolidated
           financial position and the parent company’s financial position as at December 31, 2025, and the
           consolidated operating results and the parent company’s operating results, the consolidated cash
           flows and the parent company’s cash flows for the year then ended 2025.

      3.2 Accounting period
           The accounting year is from January 1 to December 31 in calendar year.

      3.3 Operating cycle
           The Company’s operating cycle is 12 months.




102
                                                                                          Annual Report 2025




                                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.4 Functional currency
        The Company adopts RMB as its functional currency. Subsidiaries of the Company determine
        their functional currency according to the main economic environment in which they operate. This
        financial statement is presented in RMB.

    3.5 Accounting treatment methods for business combinations under common
        control and not under common control
        Business combination under common control: For the assets and liabilities acquired from
        business combination by the combining party (including the goodwill formed by the acquisition by
        the final controller of the combinee), they are measured at book value of assets and liabilities in
        the consolidated financial statements of the final controller on the combination date. The stock
        premium in capital reserves is adjusted according to the difference between the book value of net
        assets acquired through combination and the book value of consideration paid for the combination
        (or total par value of shares issued). If the stock premium in capital reserves is insufficient to
        cover the difference, the remaining amount will be charged against retained earnings.

        Business combination not under common control: The combination costs are the fair value, on
        the acquisition date, of any assets acquired, any liabilities incurred or assumed, and any equity
        securities issued by the acquirer, in exchanges for the right of control over the acquiree. The
        Company shall recognize the difference of the combination costs in excess of the fair value of the
        identifiable net assets acquired from the acquiree as goodwill. The Company shall recognize the
        difference of the combination costs in short of the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired
        from the acquiree in the current profit or loss. The identifiable assets, liabilities, and contingent
        liabilities of the acquiree that are obtained by the acquirer from combination and conform to the
        recognition criteria shall be measured at the fair value on the acquisition date.

        Direct relevant expenses arising from the business combination are included in the current profit
        or loss upon occurrence. Trading expenses on issuing equity securities or debt securities for the
        business combination are included in the initially recognized amount of the equity securities or
        the debt securities.




                                                                                                         103
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.6 Preparation method of consolidated financial statements
          3.6.1 Scope of consolidation
               The consolidation scope of consolidated financial statements is determined on the basis of
               control, covering the Company and all the subsidiaries. Control means the Company has
               the power over the investee and enjoys the variable return through participating in activities
               related to the investee, and has the ability to affect the return of the investee by using the
               power over the investee.

          3.6.2 Procedures for consolidation
               The Company regards the entire enterprise group as an accounting entity and prepares
               consolidated financial statements in accordance with unified accounting policies to reflect
               the overall financial status, operating results and cash flow of the enterprise group. The
               influence of internal transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries or between
               subsidiaries shall be offset. If internal transactions indicate that the relevant assets have
               suffered impairment losses, this part of losses shall be confirmed in full. If the accounting
               policies or accounting periods of a subsidiary are different from those of the Company,
               adjustments are made in accordance with the Company’s accounting policies and accounting
               periods when preparing the consolidated financial statements.

               The share of shareholders’ equity, current net profit or loss and current comprehensive
               income of subsidiaries attributable to minority shareholders are respectively and separately
               presented under the shareholders’ equity in the consolidated balance sheet, the net profit in
               the consolidated income statement, and the total comprehensive income in the consolidated
               income statement. If the current loss shared by a minority shareholder of a subsidiary
               exceeds the balances arising from the shares enjoyed by the minority shareholder in the
               shareholders’ equity of the subsidiary at the beginning of the period, minority equity will be
               written down accordingly.




104
                                                                                        Annual Report 2025




                                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.6 Preparation method of consolidated financial statements (Continued)
        3.6.2 Procedures for consolidation (Continued)
             (1)   Increase of subsidiaries or business
                   During the reporting period, where the Company acquired subsidiaries or business
                   from the business combination under common control, the operating results and
                   cash flows of the newly acquired subsidiaries or business from the beginning of the
                   period for business combination to the end of the reporting period are included in the
                   consolidated financial statements; the beginning amount of the consolidated financial
                   statements and relevant items in the comparative statements are adjusted accordingly,
                   as if the reporting entity after the business combination exists as of the time when the
                   ultimate controller has the control.

                   Where control can be exercised on the investee under the common control for
                   additional investment or other reasons, equity investments held before the control
                   over the combined party is obtained, the related profits or losses, other comprehensive
                   income as well as other changes in net assets recognized from the later between
                   the date when the original equity is obtained and the date when the acquirer and the
                   acquiree are under common control to the combination date will respectively write
                   down the beginning retained earnings or the current profit or loss during the period
                   for comparing financial statements.

                   During the reporting period, if the Company acquired subsidiaries or business from the
                   business combination not under common control, all identifiable assets, liabilities and
                   contingent liabilities will be included in the consolidated financial statements from the
                   purchase date based on their fair value determined on purchase date.

                   Where the Company can control the investee not under common control for additional
                   investments, it shall re-measure equity of the acquiree held before the acquisition
                   date at the fair value of such equity on the acquisition date and include the difference
                   between the fair value and book value in the current investment income. Where equity
                   of the acquiree held before the acquisition date involves in other comprehensive
                   income that can be reclassified into profit or loss and other changes in shareholders’
                   equity accounted for under the equity method shall be transferred to the investment
                   income in the year which the acquisition date falls in.




                                                                                                       105
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.6 Preparation method of consolidated financial statements (Continued)
          3.6.2 Procedures for consolidation (Continued)
               (2)   Disposal of subsidiaries
                     ①    General treatment methods
                          When the Company losses the control over the investee due to disposal of partial
                          equity investment or other reasons, the remaining equity investment after the
                          disposal should be re-measured by the Company at the fair value thereof on the
                          date of losing the control. The difference of total amount of the consideration
                          from disposal of equities plus the fair value of the remaining equities less the
                          shares calculated at the original shareholding ratio in net assets and goodwill
                          of the original subsidiary which are continuously calculated as of the acquisition
                          date or combination date shall be included in the investment income of the period
                          at the loss of control. Other comprehensive income that will be reclassified
                          into profit or loss later associated with the equity investments of the original
                          subsidiary, or the changes in other shareholders’ equity calculated under the
                          equity method, shall be transferred into investment income of the current period
                          when control is lost.




106
                                                                                       Annual Report 2025




                                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.6 Preparation method of consolidated financial statements (Continued)
        3.6.2 Procedures for consolidation (Continued)
             (2)   Disposal of subsidiaries (Continued)
                   ②    Disposal of subsidiaries by stages
                        If the control is lost due to disposal of the equity investments in subsidiaries
                        through multiple transactions by stages, and the terms, conditions and economic
                        impact of the transactions related to the disposal of equity investments in
                        subsidiaries meet one or more of the following circumstances, it usually indicates
                        that multiple transactions will be treated a package deal:

                        i.     The transactions are concluded at the same time or under the consideration
                               of mutual effect;

                        ii.    These transactions as a whole can reach a complete business result;

                        iii.   The occurrence of a transaction depends on that of other transaction or
                               more; and/or

                        iv.    A single transaction is uneconomical but it is economical when considered
                               together with other transactions.

                        Where various transactions belong to a package deal, accounting treatment
                        shall be made by the Company on the transactions as a transaction to dispose
                        subsidiaries and lose the control; the difference between each disposal cost and
                        net asset share in the subsidiaries corresponding to each disposal of investments
                        before loss of the control should be recognized as other comprehensive income
                        in the consolidated financial statements and should be transferred into the
                        current profit or loss at the loss of the control.

                        Where various transactions do not belong to a package deal, before the loss of
                        the control, accounting treatment shall be made according to the partial disposal
                        of equity investments in the subsidiary without losing control; at the loss of the
                        control, accounting treatment shall be made according to general treatment
                        methods for disposal of subsidiaries.




                                                                                                     107
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.6 Preparation method of consolidated financial statements (Continued)
          3.6.2 Procedures for consolidation (Continued)
               (3)   Purchase of minority interest of subsidiaries
                     The share premium in the capital reserves under the consolidated balance sheet will
                     be adjusted at the difference between the long-term equity investment acquired by the
                     Company for the purchase of minority interest and the share of net assets calculated
                     constantly from the acquisition date (or combination date) according to the newly
                     increased shareholding ratio. If the share premium is insufficient to offset, retained
                     earnings will be adjusted.

               (4)   Partial disposal of equity investments in subsidiaries without losing control
                     The equity premium of capital reserves in the consolidated balance sheet will be
                     adjusted according to the difference between the disposal price and the share of net
                     assets of subsidiaries calculated from the acquisition date or the combination date
                     corresponding to the disposal of long-term equity investments; if the equity premium
                     of capital reserves is insufficient, the retained earnings will be adjusted.

      3.7 Recognition criteria of cash and cash equivalents
          Cash refers the Company’s cash on hand and the unrestricted deposits. Cash equivalents refer
          to short-term and highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of the
          cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of change in value.

      3.8 Foreign currency transactions and translation of foreign currency
          statements
          3.8.1 Foreign currency transactions
               As for foreign currency transactions of the Company, the amounts of these transactions are
               translated into RMB at the spot exchange rate on the day when these transactions occur.

               The balance of foreign currency items on the balance sheet date are translated at the
               spot exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Except those arising from specific-purpose
               borrowings in foreign currencies related to assets eligible for capitalization that shall
               be measured in accordance with principle of capitalization of the borrowing costs, other
               exchange differences shall be recognized in profit or loss for the current period.




108
                                                                                      Annual Report 2025




                                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.8 Foreign currency transactions and translation of foreign currency
        statements (Continued)
        3.8.2 Translation of foreign currency financial statements
             When the Company measures the foreign currency statements of its overseas business, the
             assets and liabilities in the balance sheet are translated at the spot exchange rates on the
             balance sheet date; owners’ equity items, except for the item of “retained earnings”, are
             translated at the spot exchange rates on the date when the business occurs. The income
             and expenses items in income statements are translated at the spot exchange rate on the
             day when the transaction occurs.

             At the disposal of overseas business, the translation differences of foreign currency
             statements relating to the overseas business shall be transferred from the owner’s equity
             item to the current profit or loss at disposal.

    3.9 Financial instruments
        When the Company becomes a party to a financial instrument, it shall recognize a financial asset,
        financial liability, or equity instrument.

        3.9.1 Classification of financial instruments
             According to the business model of financial assets and contractual cash flow
             characteristics of the same, which are subject to the management of the Company, financial
             assets are classified at initial recognition as: financial assets measured at the amortized
             cost, financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income and
             financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss.

             Financial assets not designated to be measured at fair value through the current profit
             or loss in line with the following conditions will be reclassified into the financial assets
             measured at amortized cost:

             –     The business model aims to collect contractual cash flows;

             –     The contract cash flow is only the payment for the principal and the interest based on
                   the outstanding principal amount.




                                                                                                    109
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
          3.9.1 Classification of financial instruments (Continued)
               Financial assets not designated to be measured at fair value through profit or loss in line
               with the following conditions will be reclassified into the financial assets (debt instruments)
               measured at fair value through other comprehensive income:

               –     Where the purpose of the business model is to collect contractual cash flows and sell
                     such financial assets;

               –     Contractual cash flow is only the payment for the principal and the interest based on
                     the outstanding principal amount.

               At the initial recognition, the Company irrevocably designates the non-trading equity
               instrument investments as financial assets (equity instruments) measured at fair value
               through the other comprehensive income. The designation is made based on a single
               investment and the relevant investment is in line with the definition of the equity instrument
               from the issuer’s perspective.

               Except for the financial assets measured at amortized cost and the financial assets
               measured at fair value through other comprehensive income mentioned above, all the
               remaining financial assets are classified as financial assets measured at fair value
               through profit or loss. At the initial recognition, in order to eliminate or obviously reduce
               accounting mismatch, the Company may irrevocably designate the financial assets that shall
               be classified to be measured at amortized cost or measured at fair value through other
               comprehensive income as financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss.

               At the initial recognition, financial liabilities are classified as: financial liabilities measured
               at fair value through profit or loss and financial liabilities measured at the amortized cost.




110
                                                                                     Annual Report 2025




                                                                NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                              (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
        3.9.2 Recognition basis and measurement method of financial instruments
            (1)   Financial assets measured at amortized cost
                  Financial assets measured at amortized cost include notes receivable and accounts
                  receivable, other receivables, long-term receivables, and creditors’ investment,
                  etc., of which initial measurement is made at fair value, and relevant transaction
                  costs are included in the initially recognized amount; exclude accounts receivable
                  with significant financing component and accounts receivable with the financing
                  component not exceeding one year and not considered by the Company, of which initial
                  measurement is made at the contract transaction price.

                  During the holding period, the interest calculated with the effective interest method
                  should be included in the current profit or loss.

                  At recovery or disposal, the difference between the purchase price obtained and the
                  book value of such financial assets is included in the current profit or loss.

            (2)   Financial assets (debt instruments) measured at fair value through the other
                  comprehensive income
                  Financial assets (debt instruments) measured at fair value through the other
                  comprehensive income include receivables financing and other creditors’ investment,
                  of which initial measurement is made at fair value, and relevant transaction costs are
                  included in the initially recognized amount. The subsequent measurement of such
                  financial assets is made at fair value. Changes in fair value are included in other
                  comprehensive income except for the interest calculated by the effective interest
                  method, impairment losses or reversal, and exchange gains or losses.

                  At derecognition, the accumulated gains or losses previously included in other
                  comprehensive income are transferred from the other comprehensive income to the
                  current profit or loss.




                                                                                                   111
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
          3.9.2 Recognition basis and measurement method of financial instruments (Continued)
               (3)   Financial assets (equity instruments) measured at fair value through other
                     comprehensive income
                     Financial assets (equity instruments) measured at fair value through other
                     comprehensive income, including the investment in other equity instruments, are
                     initially measured at fair value, and relevant transaction costs are included in the
                     initially recognized amount. The subsequent measurement of such financial assets is
                     made at fair value, and the changes in fair value are included in other comprehensive
                     income. The dividends obtained are included in the current profit or loss.

                     At derecognition, the accumulated gains or losses previously included in other
                     comprehensive income are transferred from the other comprehensive income to the
                     retained earnings.

               (4)   Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
                     Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss include trading financial
                     assets, derivative financial assets and other non-current financial assets, of which
                     initial measurement is made at fair value, and relevant transaction costs are included
                     in the current profit or loss. The subsequent measurement of such financial assets is
                     made at fair value, and changes in fair value are included in the current profit or loss.

               (5)   Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss
                     Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss include trading
                     financial liabilities and derivative financial liabilities, of which initial measurement is
                     made at fair value, and relevant transaction costs are included in the current profit or
                     loss. The subsequent measurement of such financial liabilities is made at fair value,
                     and changes in fair value are included in the current profit or loss.

                     At derecognition, the difference between the book value and the consideration paid of
                     such financial liabilities is included in the current profit or loss.




112
                                                                                         Annual Report 2025




                                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
        3.9.2 Recognition basis and measurement method of financial instruments (Continued)
             (6)   Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost
                   Financial liabilities measured at the amortized cost include short-term borrowings,
                   notes payable and accounts payable, other payables, long-term borrowings, bonds
                   payable and long-term payables, of which initial measurement is made at fair value,
                   and related transaction costs are included in the initially recognized amount.

                   During the holding period, the interest calculated by the effective interest method is
                   included in the current profit or loss.

                   At derecognition, the difference between the consideration paid and the book value of
                   such financial liabilities is included in the current profit or loss.

        3.9.3 Derecognition and transfer of financial assets
             Where one of the following conditions is met, the Company shall derecognize financial
             assets:

             –     The contractual right of collecting cash flows of financial assets is terminated;

             –     The financial assets have been transferred, and nearly all of the risks and rewards
                   related to the ownership of the financial assets have been transferred to the
                   transferee;

             –     The financial assets have been transferred, and the Company does not retain the
                   control over the financial assets through it has neither transferred nor retained nearly
                   all risks and rewards related to the ownership of the financial assets.

             When the Company modifies or renegotiates a contract with a counterparty and the
             modification constitutes a material change, the original financial asset is derecognized and
             a new financial asset is recognized in accordance with the modified terms.

             At the transfer of financial assets, where nearly all the risks and rewards related to the
             ownership of the financial assets have been retained, such financial assets shall not be
             derecognized.

             In determining whether the transfer of a financial asset meets the above derecognition
             criteria of financial assets, the principle of substance over form will be adopted.




                                                                                                       113
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
          3.9.3 Derecognition and transfer of financial assets (Continued)
               The Company divides the transfer of financial assets into overall transfer and partial
               transfer. Where the entire transfer of financial assets meets the derecognition conditions,
               the difference of the following two amounts is included in the current profit or loss:

               (1)   The book value of the transferred financial asset;

               (2)   The sum of consideration received from the transfer, and the accumulated change
                     amount of fair value originally recorded in shareholders’ equity (the financial assets
                     involved in the transfer are financial assets (debt instruments) measured at fair value
                     through the other comprehensive income).

               Where the partial transfer of a financial asset meets the derecognition criteria, the entire
               book value of the financial asset transferred shall be allocated between the derecognized
               part and the recognized part based on the relative fair value, and the difference between the
               following two amounts shall be included in the current profit or loss:

               (1)   The book value of derecognized part;

               (2)   The sum of the consideration for the derecognized part and the amount corresponding
                     to the de-recognition part in the accumulated change amount of fair value originally
                     and directly included in shareholders’ equity (where the financial assets transferred
                     are the financial assets (debt instruments) measured at fair value through the other
                     comprehensive income).

               Where the transfer of financial assets does not meet the derecognition criteria, the financial
               assets shall continue to be recognized, and the consideration received shall be recognized
               as a financial liability.




114
                                                                                        Annual Report 2025




                                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
        3.9.4 Derecognition of financial liabilities
             Where the present obligations of financial liabilities have been discharged in whole or in
             part, the financial liabilities or any part thereof shall be derecognized; if the Company signs
             an agreement with creditors to replace the existing financial liabilities by undertaking
             new financial liabilities, and the new financial liabilities are substantially different from
             the existing ones in terms of contract terms, the existing financial liabilities shall be
             derecognized, and at the same time, the new financial liabilities shall be recognized.

             Where substantive changes are made to the contract terms of existing financial liabilities in
             whole or in part, the existing financial liabilities shall be derecognized in whole or in part,
             and the financial liabilities of which terms have been modified shall be recognized as the
             new financial liabilities.

             Where financial liabilities are derecognized is whole or in part, the difference between the
             book value of the financial liabilities derecognized and the consideration paid (including
             non-cash assets surrendered and the new financial liabilities assumed) shall be included in
             current profit or loss.

             Where the Company redeems part of its financial liabilities, it shall, on the redemption date,
             allocate the entire book value of whole financial liabilities according to the comparative fair
             value of the part that continues to be recognized and the derecognized part. The difference
             between the book value allocated to the derecognized part and the considerations paid
             (including non-cash assets surrendered and the new financial liabilities assumed) shall be
             included in the current profit or loss.

        3.9.5 Recognition methods of the fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities
             As for the financial instruments for which there is an active market, the quoted prices in the
             active market shall be used to determine the fair values thereof. Where there is no active
             market for a financial instrument, the valuation techniques shall be adopted to determine
             its fair value. At the time of valuation, the Company shall adopt the valuation technique
             that is applicable to the current circumstance and is supported by sufficient available data
             and other information to select the input values consistent with the assets or liabilities
             characteristics that are considered by market participants in transactions of relevant assets
             and liabilities and shall give priority in use of observable input values. Unobservable input
             values may be used only when observable input values are unavailable or impractical to
             obtain.




                                                                                                       115
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
          3.9.6 Test method and accounting treatment of impairment of financial assets
               The Company estimates the expected credit loss of financial assets measured at the
               amortized cost and financial assets (debt instruments) measured at fair value through other
               comprehensive income, and financial guarantee contracts on an expected credit loss basis.

               By considering such reasonable and well-founded information as relevant matters in
               the past, current conditions and prediction of future economic conditions, the Company
               calculates the probability weighted amount, weighted by default risk, of the present value
               of the difference between the cash flows receivable under the contract and the cash flows
               expected to be received, to determine the expected credit loss.

               For receivables and contract assets arising from the transactions specified in the
               Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 14 – Revenue, whether or not they
               contain significant financing components, the Company always makes the provision for
               credit loss at the amount equivalent to the expected credit loss over the whole duration.

               For lease receivables arising from the transactions specified in the Accounting Standards
               for Business Enterprises No. 21 – Leases, the Company chooses to always makes the
               provision for credit loss at the amount equivalent to the expected credit loss over the whole
               duration.

               For other financial instruments, the Company assesses at each balance sheet date the
               changes in credit risk of the relevant financial instruments since initial recognition.

               By comparing the default risk in financial instruments on the balance sheet date with the
               default risk in financial instruments on the initial recognition date, the Company determines
               the relative change in default risk in financial instruments during the estimated duration
               to assess whether the credit risk of financial instruments has greatly increased following
               the initial recognition of such financial instruments. Generally, once the period is overdue
               for over 30 days, the Company may consider that there is obvious increase in credit risk of
               such financial instrument, unless there is unambiguous evidence that there is no obvious
               increase in credit risk of such financial instrument following the initial recognition.

               If the credit risk of the financial instrument is low on the balance sheet date, the Company
               will immediately consider that there is no obvious increase in credit risk of such financial
               instrument following the initial recognition.




116
                                                                                        Annual Report 2025




                                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
        3.9.6 Test method and accounting treatment of impairment of financial assets (Continued)
             If there is obvious increase in credit risk following the initial recognition of such financial
             instrument, the Company will measure the loss provision at the amount which is equivalent
             to the amount of the expected credit loss over the entire duration of such financial
             instrument; if there is no obvious increase in credit risk following the initial recognition of
             such financial instrument, the Company will measure the loss provision at the amount which
             is equivalent to the amount of the expected credit loss within 12 months in the future of
             such financial instrument. Amount increased or reversed of loss provision arising therefrom
             will be included in the current profit or loss as impairment loss or gain. For financial
             assets (debt instruments) at fair value through other comprehensive income, a provision for
             impairment is recognized in other comprehensive income, and the impairment loss or gain
             is recognized in profit or loss and does not reduce the carrying amount of the financial asset
             as stated in the balance sheet.

             The Company combines the accounts receivable and contract assets according to similar
             credit risk characteristics and based on forward-looking information and all other
             reasonable and reliable information, estimates the proportion of provision for bad debts of
             accounts receivable as follows:

              Determination basis of
              portfolio                   Portfolio analysis method
              Portfolio of receivables    For the accounts receivable from related parties (including
                from related parties      the open accounts with the shareholder company, the open
                                          accounts between the parent company and the subsidiaries or
                                          between subsidiaries), in principle, no provision for bad debts
                                          shall be made. However, if there is conclusive evidence that
                                          the debt unit of the related party has been revoked, bankrupt,
                                          insolvent, and the cash flow is seriously insufficient, and the
                                          receivables will not be recovered by debt restructuring or other
                                          means, the corresponding provision for bad debts shall be
                                          accrued according to the estimated possible losses from bad
                                          debts, and the provision for bad debts may also be accrued for
                                          all the receivables from related parties that are estimated to be
                                          unrecoverable.
              Portfolio of receivables    Based on the experience of historical credit losses, the Group
                from third parties        adopts a simplified method to calculate the expected credit
                                          losses by using the reserve matrix for the expected credit
                                          losses of the whole duration.


             The measurement of provision for impairment loss on other receivables is conducted in
             accordance with the measurement method of impairment loss on the aforesaid financial
             assets (excluding accounts receivables).


                                                                                                       117
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
          3.9.6 Test method and accounting treatment of impairment of financial assets (Continued)
               The balance of other receivables mainly includes: The payment by the Company’s wholly
               owned subsidiary, China Aviation Accounting Co., Ltd. paid on behalf of airlines for the
               settlement and clearing services provided to them, and the principal of the factoring of
               accounts receivable collected by Antu Jinxin Commercial Factoring Co., Ltd., a subsidiary
               of China Aviation Accounting Co., Ltd. As these accounts are within the normal collection
               period, and from experience observations, no credit risk has occurred, or the borrower has
               strong financial support to repay the funds in the short term. Hence, they are treated low
               credit risk and no expected credit loss is accrued.

               For various types of margin, deposit and reserve borrowings, in principle, no provision
               for bad debts is made. However, if there is conclusive evidence that bad debts have been
               formed, corresponding bad debt provisions will be made based on the estimated bad debt
               losses that may occur.

               If the Company no longer reasonably expects that the contractual cash flow of the financial
               asset can be fully or partially recovered, the book balance of the financial asset will be
               directly written down.

      3.10 Inventories
          3.10.1 Classification and cost of inventories
               Inventories are classified as: Raw materials, low-cost consumables, stock commodities,
               goods dispatched, contract performance cost, contract acquisition cost, etc.

               Inventories are initially measured at cost, and the inventory cost includes the procurement
               cost, processing cost, and other expenses arising from making the inventory at their present
               location and condition.

          3.10.2 Measurement method of dispatched inventories
               The Company’s inventories are measured using the specific identification method when
               shipped.

          3.10.3 Inventory system
               Perpetual inventory system is adopted.

          3.10.4 Amortization methods for low-cost consumables and packaging materials
               (1)   One-off write-off method is adopted for low-cost consumables;

               (2)   Reusable packaging materials are amortized into cost and expenses over their
                     expected usage times.



118
                                                                                        Annual Report 2025




                                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.10Inventories (Continued)
        3.10.5 Recognition standards and accrual methods for inventory depreciation provisions
             On the balance sheet date, inventories shall be measured at the cost or the net realizable
             value, whichever is lower. Where the inventory cost is higher than its realizable value, the
             provision for inventory impairment shall be made. During routine activities, net realizable
             values of inventories refer to the amounts of the estimated selling prices of inventories
             minus the estimated costs to completion, estimated selling expenses and relevant taxes and
             surcharges.

             Net realizable values of merchandise inventories held directly for sale, such as finished
             goods, stock commodities, and available-for-sale materials, are measured at the estimated
             selling prices less estimated sales expenses and relevant taxes and surcharges in the
             normal production process. Net realizable values of material inventories which need
             further processing are measured at the estimated selling prices less the estimated costs
             of completion, estimated sales expenses and relevant taxes and surcharges in the normal
             production process. Net realizable values of inventories held for the purpose of fulfillment
             of sales contracts or service contracts are calculated on the basis of the contract prices; if
             the quantity of inventories held exceeds that stated in the contract, the net realizable values
             of the excessive part are calculated on the basis of normal selling prices.

             When the provision for inventory impairment is made, where the previous factor rendering
             the write-down of the inventory value has been eliminated, for which the net realizable
             value of the inventory is higher than the book value of the same, the provision for inventory
             impairment shall be reversed from the amount of provision for inventory impairment
             originally made, and the reversed amount shall be included in the current profit or loss.

    3.11 Contract assets
        3.11.1 Recognition method and criteria for contract assets
             The Company presents contract assets or contract liabilities in the balance sheet based on
             the relationship between its performance of fulfillment obligations and customer payments.
             The right of the Company to the charge of consideration via goods transfer or service
             rendering to the customer (and the right depends on other factors except for the time
             lapses) is presented as contract asset. Contractual assets and contractual liabilities under
             the same contract shall be presented at net amount. The unconditional (only depending on
             the time lapses) right to the charge of consideration from the customer, possessed by the
             Company, is presented as receivables.

        3.11.2 Determination method and accounting treatment for the expected credit loss of contract
               assets
             See “3.9.6 Test method and accounting treatment of impairment of financial assets”, for
             the determination method and accounting treatment for the expected credit loss of contract
             assets.


                                                                                                       119
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.12 Assets held for sale and discontinued operation
          3.12.1 Assets held for sale
               Where the Company recovers the book value of any non-current asset or disposed asset
               portfolio mainly through selling (including the exchange of non-monetary assets with
               commercial essence) but not continuously using the same, such non-current asset or
               disposed asset portfolio shall be divided into assets held for sale.

               The Company recognizes non-current assets or disposed asset portfolios meeting the
               following conditions at the same time as assets held for sale:

               (1)   According to the general practice for selling such kind of asset or disposed asset
                     portfolio in the similar transaction, the asset or portfolio can be immediately sold in
                     the prevailing circumstance;

               (2)   The sale of the asset or portfolio is very likely to happen, which means that the
                     Company has made a resolution for one selling plan and has acquired the decided
                     purchase commitment, and it is estimated that the sale will be completed within one
                     year. Where the sale is subject to the approval of relevant authorities or regulatory
                     authorities of the Company according to relevant provisions, the approval has been
                     obtained.

               For any non-current asset (excluding financial assets, deferred tax assets) or disposed
               asset portfolio classified assets as held for sale, where its book value is higher than the net
               amount of its fair value less the selling expense, the book value shall be written down to the
               net amount of the fair value less the selling expense, and the amount written down shall be
               recognized as the losses from asset impairment and included in the current profit or loss,
               while the provision for impairment of assets held for sale is made.




120
                                                                                         Annual Report 2025




                                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.12 Assets held for sale and discontinued operation (Continued)
        3.12.2 Discontinued operation
             A discontinued operation is a separately distinguishable component that meets one of the
             following conditions and that has been disposed of by the Company or classified by the
             Company as held for sale:

             (1)   The component represents a separate major operation or a separate major operating
                   area;

             (2)   The component is part of a related plan for the proposed disposition of a separate
                   principal business or a separate principal operating area;

             (3)   The component is a subsidiary acquired exclusively for resale.

             Gains and losses from continuing operations and gains and losses from discontinued
             operations are presented separately in the income statement. Operating gains and losses,
             such as impairment losses and reversal amount for discontinued operations, as well
             as gains and losses on disposals, are presented as gains and losses from discontinued
             operations. For discontinued operations reported in the current period, the Company
             restates the information that was previously reported as profit or loss from continuing
             operations as profit or loss from discontinued operations for the comparable accounting
             period in the financial statements of current period.

    3.13 Long-term equity investments
        3.13.1 Judgment criteria for joint control and significant influence
             Joint control refers to the control shared over an arrangement in accordance with the
             relevant stipulations, and the decision-making of related activities of the arrangement
             should not be made before the party sharing the control right agrees the same. Where the
             Company exercises common control over the investee together with other parties to the
             joint venture and enjoys the right on the investee’s net assets, the investee is a joint venture
             of the Company.

             Significant influence refers to the power to participate in making decisions on the financial
             and operating policies of the investee, but not the power to control or jointly control
             the formulation of such policies with other parties. Where the Company is able to exert
             significant influence over the investee, the investee is its associate.




                                                                                                        121
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.13 Long-term equity investments (Continued)
          3.13.2 Determination of initial investment cost
               (1)   Long-term equity investment acquired from business combination
                     For the long-term equity investments in subsidiaries formed by the business
                     combination under common control, the share of book value of its shareholders’ equity
                     in the combine in the consolidated financial statements of the ultimate controller shall
                     be recognized, on the combination date, as the initial cost of the long-term equity
                     investment. If there is a difference between the initial investment cost of the long-term
                     equity investment and the book values of the paid consideration, the difference shall
                     be used to adjust the share premium in the capital reserve; and if the share premium
                     in the capital reserve is insufficient to be offset, retained earnings shall be adjusted.
                     If it is possible to control an investee under the same control due to additional
                     investment or other reasons, the initial investment cost of the long-term equity
                     investment confirmed according to the above principles shall be equal to the book
                     value of the long-term equity investment before the merger plus the new consideration
                     paid for further shares acquired on the merger date. The difference between the sum
                     of the book values shall be adjusted to the equity premium. If the equity premium is
                     insufficient to offset, the retained earnings shall be offset.

                     For the long-term equity investments in subsidiaries formed by the business
                     combination not under common control, the Company recognizes the combination cost
                     determined on the combination date as the initial investment cost of long-term equity
                     investments. If it is possible to exercise control over an investee that is not under the
                     same control due to additional investment or other reasons, the initial investment cost
                     shall be the sum of the book value of the original equity investment plus the cost of the
                     new investment.

               (2)   Long-term equity investment acquired by means other than business combination
                     For long-term equity investments acquired through making payments in cash, its initial
                     investment cost is the actually paid purchase cost.

                     For long-term equity investments acquired from issuance of equity securities, its initial
                     investment cost is the fair value of the issued equity securities.




122
                                                                                         Annual Report 2025




                                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.13 Long-term equity investments (Continued)
        3.13.3 Subsequent measurement and recognition of profits or losses
             (1)   Long-term equity investments accounted for under the cost method
                   Long-term equity investments of the Company in its subsidiaries are accounted
                   for under the cost method unless such investments meet the conditions of holding
                   for sale. Under the cost method, except for the actual price paid for acquisition of
                   investment or the cash dividends or profits contained in the consideration which
                   have been declared but not yet distributed, the Company recognizes the proportion it
                   shall enjoy in the cash dividends or profits declared by the investee as its investment
                   income.

             (2)   Long-term equity investments accounted for under equity method
                   Long-term equity investments in associates and joint ventures are accounted for
                   under the equity method. If the initial investment cost is in excess of the share of fair
                   value of the net identifiable assets in the investee when the investment is made, the
                   difference will not be adjusted to the initial cost of long-term equity investment; if the
                   initial investment cost is in short of the share of the fair value of the net identifiable
                   assets in the investee when the investment is made, the difference will be included in
                   the current profit or loss, and will be adjusted to the initial cost of long-term equity
                   investment.

                   The Company shall, based on its attributable share of the net profit or loss and other
                   comprehensive income realized by the investee, respectively recognize the investment
                   income and other comprehensive income, and simultaneously adjust the book value
                   of the long-term equity investment. The Company shall, in the light of the profits or
                   cash dividends that the investee declares to distribute, reduce the book value of the
                   long-term equity investment correspondingly. As to other changes in shareholders’
                   equity of the investee other than net profit or loss, other comprehensive income and
                   profit distribution (hereinafter referred to as “Other Changes in shareholders’ Equity”),
                   the Company shall adjust the book value of the long-term equity investment and
                   include such change in the shareholders’ equity.

                   The Company shall, based on the fair value of net identifiable assets of the investee
                   when the investment is made, recognize its attributable share of the net profits or
                   losses, other comprehensive income, and other changes in shareholders’ equity of the
                   investee after the adjustment made to the net profit and other comprehensive income
                   of the investee according to the accounting policies and accounting period adopted by
                   the Company.




                                                                                                        123
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.13 Long-term equity investments (Continued)
          3.13.3 Subsequent measurement and recognition of profits or losses (Continued)
               (2)   Long-term equity investments accounted for under equity method (Continued)
                     The Company calculates its attributable but not realized profit or loss from internal
                     transactions between the Company and its associates or joint ventures based on its
                     attributable percentage and offset such profit or loss and recognizes the investment
                     income on that basis; however, businesses formed by assets invested or sold are
                     excluded. Unrealized losses from internal transactions between the Company and any
                     investee shall be recognized in full if they belong to the losses from asset impairment.

                     For net losses on joint ventures or associates, apart from the obligation of assuming
                     the extra loss, the Company shall write down such losses with the book value of
                     long-term equity investments and the long-term equity where net investments in joint
                     ventures or associates have been formed substantially; and the maximum of such
                     losses shall be the sum of the book value and long-term equity mentioned above.
                     Where any joint venture or associate realize net profit in the future, the Company shall
                     recognize the income sharing amount when the unrecognized loss sharing amount is
                     offset with the income sharing amount.

               (3)   Disposal of long-term equity investments
                     For disposal of long-term equity investments, the difference between the book value
                     and the actual price shall be included in the current investment income.

                     For long-term equity investments with partial disposal accounting by the equity
                     method, where the remaining equity is still accounted for by the equity method, other
                     comprehensive income recognized originally upon the accounting by the equity method
                     shall be carried forward at the corresponding proportion on the basis same with
                     that for the direct disposal of relevant assets or liabilities by the investee, and other
                     changes in shareholders’ equity shall be carried forward to the current profit or loss in
                     proportion.

                     Where the Company loses the common control over or significant influence on the
                     investee on account of the disposal of equity investment and any other reason, when
                     the accounting by the equity method is terminated, other comprehensive income
                     recognized upon the accounting by the equity method from the original equity
                     investment shall be subject to the accounting treatment which is made on the basis
                     same with that for the direct disposal of relevant assets or liabilities by the investee,
                     and other changes in shareholders’ equity shall be transferred to the current profit or
                     loss in full.




124
                                                                                        Annual Report 2025




                                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.13 Long-term equity investments (Continued)
        3.13.3 Subsequent measurement and recognition of profits or losses (Continued)
             (3)   Disposal of long-term equity investments (Continued)
                   Where the Company loses the control over the investee on account of the disposal
                   of partial equity and any other reason, at the preparation of any single financial
                   statements, if the remaining equity has the common control over or significant
                   influence on the investee, the accounting shall be made by the equity method, and an
                   adjustment shall be made as if the remaining equity was accounted for by the equity
                   method at acquisition; other comprehensive income recognized before the control
                   over the investee is obtained shall be carried forward on the basis same with that for
                   the direct disposal of relevant assets or liabilities by the investee, and other changes
                   in shareholders’ equity recognized on account of the accounting by the equity method
                   shall be carried forward to the current profit or loss in proportion; if the remaining
                   equity has no common control over or significant influence on the investee, relevant
                   financial assets shall be recognized, the difference between the fair value on the day
                   of losing control of such remaining equity and the book value of the same shall be
                   included in the current profit or loss, and other comprehensive income and other
                   changes in shareholders’ equity which have been recognized before the control over
                   the investee is obtained shall be carried forward in full.

                   Where the disposal of subsidiaries’ equity investments till the loss of control by stages
                   through multiple transactions belongs to a package deal, the accounting treatment
                   shall be made by taking each transaction as the transaction where the subsidiaries’
                   equity investments are disposed and the corresponding control is lost; before the
                   loss of control, the difference between the disposal price and the book value of the
                   long-term equity investment corresponding to the equity disposed shall be firstly
                   recognized as other comprehensive income in the individual financial statements,
                   and at the loss of control, all transferred to the profit or loss for the period when the
                   control is lost. Where the aforesaid disposal does not belong to a package deal, the
                   accounting treatment shall be made respectively for each transaction.




                                                                                                       125
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.14 Investment properties
          Investment property is the property to earn rentals or for capital appreciation or both. Examples
          include leased land use right, land use right held for transfer upon appreciation, and leased
          building (including buildings that have been constructed or developed for future lease out under
          operating leases, and buildings that are being constructed or developed for future lease out
          under operating leases).

          Subsequent expenditures related to investment properties are included in the costs of investment
          properties when relevant economic benefits are likely to flow in the Company and their costs can
          be measured reliably; otherwise, such subsequent expenditures shall be included in the current
          profit or loss when occur.

          The Company measures its existing investment property by using the cost model. For investment
          properties measured using the cost method – a building used for rental is subject to Company’s
          depreciation policy for fixed assets, and the land use right used for rental is subject to the
          amortization policy for intangible assets.

      3.15 Fixed assets
          3.15.1 Recognition criteria of fixed assets
               Fixed assets refer to tangible assets held for commodity production, rendering of services,
               renting or business management, with the useful lives over one year. Fixed assets are
               recognized when they simultaneously meet the following conditions:

               (1)   It is probable that the economic benefits relating to the fixed assets will flow into the
                     Company; and

               (2)   The costs of the fixed assets can be measured reliably.

               The initial measurement of fixed assets is made at cost (and by taking the impact of
               expected disposal costs).

               The subsequent expenditures relating to fixed assets are included in the costs of fixed
               assets when relevant economic benefits are likely to flow in the Company and their costs
               can be measured reliably; as for the part replaced, the book value thereof is derecognized;
               all other subsequent expenditures are included in the current profit or loss when they occur.




126
                                                                                        Annual Report 2025




                                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                               (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.15 Fixed assets (Continued)
        3.15.2 Depreciation method
             The provision for depreciation of fixed assets is made by the straight-line method by
             category. The depreciation rate is determined based on the category, estimated useful life
             and estimated net residual value rate of fixed assets. For fixed assets where the provision
             for impairment has been made, the depreciation amount in the future will be determined at
             the book value of the fixed assets where the provision for impairment has been deducted,
             based on the remaining useful life. Where the fixed assets have the components with
             different useful lives or bring economic benefits for the enterprise in different ways, then
             the Company should choose different depreciation rates or methods to separately make the
             provision for depreciation.

             The depreciation life, residual value rates and annual depreciation rates of fixed assets are
             presented by category as follows:

                                                                                                  Annual
                                                     Depreciation     Residual value         depreciation
               Category                                life (Year)          rate (%)             rate (%)
               Buildings and constructions                  10-35                3.00          2.77-9.70
               Transportation facilities                     5-10                3.00         9.70-19.40
               Machinery and equipment                       3-10                3.00         9.70-32.33
               Electronic equipment                          3-11                3.00         8.82-32.33
               Office equipment                               3-9                3.00        10.78-32.33
               Others                                         2-9                3.00        10.78-48.50


        3.15.3 Disposal of fixed assets
             When the fixed assets are disposed, or they are expected not to bring any economic interest
             via use or disposal, such fixed assets will be derecognized. When the fixed asset is sold,
             transferred, scrapped or damaged, the Company will include such disposal revenue,
             deducting the book value and related taxes and surcharges thereof, in the current profit or
             loss.




                                                                                                     127
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.16 Construction in progress
          Construction in progress is measured at the actual cost incurred. The actual costs include
          building costs, installation costs, borrowing costs eligible for capitalization and other necessary
          expenditures to make the construction in progress achieve the working condition for its intended
          use.

          Constructions in progress are transferred to fixed assets when they reach the condition for
          its intended use, and the provision of depreciation will be provided since the next month. The
          standards and timing for transferring the company’s construction-in-progress to fixed assets are
          as follows:

          The physical construction (including installation) of the fixed asset has been completed or
          substantially completed.

          The amount of expenditure on fixed assets for this construction is very small or almost no longer
          occurs.

      3.17 Borrowing costs
          3.17.1 Recognition criteria of capitalization of borrowing costs
               The borrowing costs incurred to the Company and directly attributable to the acquisition
               and construction or production of assets eligible for capitalization should be capitalized and
               recorded into asset costs; other borrowing costs should be recognized as costs according to
               the amount incurred and be included into the current profit or loss.

               Assets eligible for capitalization refer to fixed assets, investment property, inventories
               and other assets which may reach their intended use or sale status only after long-time
               acquisition and construction or production activities.




128
                                                                                          Annual Report 2025




                                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.17 Borrowing costs (Continued)
        3.17.2 Capitalization period for borrowing costs
             Capitalization period refers to the period from the beginning of capitalization to the cease
             of capitalization for borrowing costs, excluding the period of capitalization suspension of
             borrowing costs.

             Borrowing costs may be capitalized only when all the following conditions are met:

             (1)   Asset expenses, which include those incurred by cash payment, the transfer of
                   non-cash assets or the undertaking of interest-bearing debts for acquiring and
                   constructing or producing assets eligible for capitalization, have already been incurred;

             (2)   Borrowing costs have already been incurred;

             (3)   The acquisition and construction or production activities which are necessary to
                   prepare the assets for their intended use or sale have already been started.

             Capitalization of borrowing costs should be ceased when the acquired and constructed or
             produced assets eligible for capitalization have reached their intended use or sale status.

        3.17.3 Period of capitalization suspension
             If the acquisition and construction or production activities of assets eligible for capitalization
             are abnormally interrupted and such condition lasts for more than 3 months, the
             capitalization of borrowing costs should be suspended; if the interruption is necessary
             procedures for the acquired, the constructed or produced assets eligible for capitalization to
             reach the working conditions for its intended use or sale, the borrowing costs continue to be
             capitalized. Borrowing costs incurred during the interruption are recognized as the current
             profit or loss and continue to be capitalized until the acquisition, construction or production
             of the assets restarts.




                                                                                                          129
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.17 Borrowing costs (Continued)
          3.17.4 Measurement of capitalization rate and capitalized amounts of borrowing costs
               As for special borrowings borrowed for acquiring and constructing or producing assets
               eligible for capitalization, borrowing costs of special borrowing actually incurred in the
               current period less the interest income of the borrowings unused and deposited in bank
               or return on temporary investment should be recognized as the capitalization amount of
               borrowing costs.

               As for general borrowings used for acquiring and constructing or producing assets eligible
               for capitalization, the amount of general borrowings to be capitalized should be calculated
               by multiplying the weighted average of asset disbursements of the part of accumulated
               asset disbursements exceeding special borrowings by the capitalization rate of used general
               borrowings. The capitalization rate is calculated by weighted average interest rate of general
               borrowings.

               During the capitalization period, exchange differences of principal and interest on foreign
               currency special borrowings shall be capitalized and included in the cost of assets eligible
               for capitalization. Exchange differences arising from the principal and interest on foreign
               currency borrowings other than foreign currency special borrowings are recognized in the
               current profit or loss.

      3.18 Intangible assets
          3.18.1 Measurement of intangible assets
               (1)   The Company initially measures intangible assets at cost on acquisition;
                     The costs of externally acquired intangible assets comprise their purchase prices,
                     related taxes and surcharges and any other directly attributable expenditure incurred
                     to prepare the assets for their intended use.

               (2)   Subsequent measurement
                     The useful lives of the intangible assets are analyzed and determined on acquisition.

                     As for intangible assets with limited useful life, straight-line amortization method
                     is adopted in the period when the intangible assets generate economic benefit for
                     enterprise; if the period when the intangible assets generate economic benefit for
                     enterprise cannot be forecasted, the intangible assets should be deemed as those with
                     indefinite useful life and should not be amortized.




130
                                                                                            Annual Report 2025




                                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.18Intangible assets (Continued)
        3.18.2 Estimate of the useful life of the intangible assets with definite useful lives
                                        Estimated       Amortization            Residual
               Item                     useful live         method               rate (%)              Basis
               Data resource           3 – 5 years       straight-line               0.00 Period of benefit
               Land use right        40 – 50 years       straight-line               0.00       Useful life
               Software                3 – 5 years       straight-line               0.00 Period of benefit
               Non-patented                5 years       straight-line               0.00 Period of benefit
                 technology


        3.18.3 Determination basis and procedure for review of useful life for intangible assets with
               indefinite useful life
             As at the balance sheet date, the Group has no intangible assets with indefinite useful lives.

        3.18.4 Scope of collection of research and development expenditures
             Expenditures incurred by the company during the research and development process include
             relevant employee salaries, consumed materials, related depreciation and amortization
             expenses and other related expenses for personnel engaged in research and development
             activities.

        3.18.5 Specific criteria for classifying research and development stages
             The Company’s expenses for its internal research and development projects are classified
             into research expenses and development expenses.

             Research stage: Research stage is the stage when creative and planned investigation and
             research activities are conducted to acquire and understand new scientific or technological
             knowledge.

             Development stage: Development stage is the stage when the research achievements and
             other knowledge are applied to a plan or design, prior to the commercial production or use,
             so as to produce any new or substantially improved material, device or product.




                                                                                                         131
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.18 Intangible assets (Continued)
          3.18.6 Criteria for capitalization of development expenditures
               The research expenditure is included in the current profit or loss when it occurs. The
               development expenditure is recognized as intangible assets when it meets the following
               conditions at the same time, and is included in the current profit or loss when it fails to
               meet the following conditions:

               (1)   It is feasible technically to finish intangible assets for use or sale;

               (2)   It is intended to finish and use or sell the intangible asset;

               (3)   The ways how the intangible assets generate economic benefits include the way where
                     it is able to prove that the products made by using the intangible assets exist a market
                     or that the intangible assets themselves have the market, and the way where the
                     serviceability of the intangible assets can be proved in case they are used internally;

               (4)   It is able to finish the development of the intangible assets and to use or sell the same
                     with the support of sufficient technologies, financial resources and other resources;
                     and

               (5)   The expenditure attributable to the intangible assets during its development phase can
                     be measured reliably.

               If the research expenditure and development expenditure are indistinguishable, all research
               and development expenditures incurred will be included in the current profit or loss.

      3.19 Impairment of long-term assets
          Where there are signs of impairment on long-term assets, such as long-term equity investments,
          investment properties measured with cost model, fixed assets, construction in progress,
          right-of-use assets and oil and gas assets with definite useful lives, on the balance sheet date,
          the impairment test should be made. Where the result of the impairment test shows that the
          recoverable amount of the asset is lower than book value, the provision for impairment should
          be made and included in impairment loss. The recoverable amount of the asset is the higher of
          the net amount of its fair valueless disposal expenses or the present value of its estimated future
          cash flows. Provision for asset impairment is made on individual asset basis. If it is difficult
          to estimate the recoverable amount of the individual asset, the Company will estimate the
          recoverable amount of the asset portfolio where the individual asset belongs. Asset portfolio is
          the smallest one that can independently generate cash inflows.

          For goodwill resulting from business combinations, intangible assets with uncertain useful lives,
          and intangible assets that have not yet reached serviceable condition, regardless of whether there
          are signs of impairment, at least at the end of each year, the impairment test is carried out at the
          end of each year.

132
                                                                                         Annual Report 2025




                                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.19 Impairment of long-term assets (Continued)
        The Company conducts goodwill impairment tests and apportions the carrying amount of goodwill
        resulting from business combinations to the relevant asset groups in a reasonable manner from
        the date of purchase; If it is difficult to allocate to related asset groups, it will be allocated to
        the related asset group combination. The associated asset group or combination of asset groups
        is the asset group or combination of asset groups that can benefit from the synergies of the
        business combination.

        When conducting an impairment test on a group or combination of assets containing goodwill, if
        there are signs of impairment in the asset group or portfolio of asset groups related to goodwill,
        the impairment test is first carried out on the asset group or asset group combination that does
        not contain goodwill, the recoverable amount is calculated, and the corresponding impairment
        loss is recognized by comparing it with the relevant carrying value. Then, the impairment test is
        carried out on the asset group or asset group combination containing goodwill, and the carrying
        amount is compared with the recoverable amount, if the recoverable amount is lower than the
        book value, the amount of impairment loss is first offset against the carrying value of the goodwill
        allocated to the asset group or asset group combination, and then the carrying value of the other
        assets is proportionally offset according to the proportion of the carrying value of the assets other
        than goodwill in the asset group or asset group combination.

        The losses from impairment of the above assets cannot be reversed in subsequent accounting
        periods once recognized.

    3.20 Long-term deferred expenses
        Long-term deferred expenses refer to various expenses which have been already incurred but will
        be borne in current and future reporting periods with an amortization period of over one year.

    3.21 Contract liabilities
        According to the relationship between the performance of obligations and the customer payment,
        the Company presents contract assets or contract liabilities in the balance sheet. The Company’s
        obligations in transferring goods or rendering services to customers on the ground that it has
        received or will receive relevant considerations from these customers are presented as contract
        liabilities. Contract assets and contract liabilities under the same contract should be presented at
        net amount.




                                                                                                        133
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.22 Employee benefits
          3.22.1 Accounting treatment of short-term compensation
               During the accounting period when employees serve the Company, the actual short-term
               compensation is recognized as liabilities and included in current profit or loss or costs
               associated with assets.

               The cost of social insurance and housing fund paid by Company for employees and the
               labor union cost and employee education costs provided by the Company in accordance with
               provisions shall, in the accounting period, during which the service is provided by employees
               for enterprises, be used to calculate corresponding amount of employee benefits according
               to the stipulated provision basis and proportion.

               The employee welfare occurring in the Company shall be include in the current profit or loss
               or the related asset costs according to the actual amount when actually occurring. Among
               them, non-monetary benefits are measured at the fair value.

          3.22.2 Accounting treatment of post-employment benefits
               (1)   Defined contribution plan
                     The Company pays the basic endowment insurance premiums and unemployment
                     insurance for employees according to the relevant provisions of the local governments.
                     During the accounting period when employees serve the Company, the paid amount
                     which is calculated based on the payment base and proportion as stipulated in the
                     provisions of the local place is recognized as liabilities and included in current profit or
                     loss or related asset costs. In addition, the Company also participates in the enterprise
                     annuity plans/supplementary pension funds approved by the relevant state authorities.
                     The Company makes payments to the annuity plans or local social insurance
                     institutions in a certain proportion to the total employee wage, with corresponding
                     expenses included in the current profit or loss or related asset costs.

               (2)   Defined benefit plans
                     According to the formula determined based on expected cumulative unit method, the
                     Company will set the period that the welfare obligations deriving from the defined
                     benefit plan, which will be included in current profit or loss or assets-related cost.

                     A net liability or net asset in connection with the defined benefit plan is recognized at
                     the present value of the obligation under the defined benefit plan less the deficit or
                     surplus arising out of the fair value of the assets under the defined benefit plan. For a
                     surplus of defined benefit plans, the Company should measure the net asset of such
                     defined benefit plans at the lower of the surplus of such defined benefit plans and
                     asset upper limit thereof.




134
                                                                                       Annual Report 2025




                                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.22 Employee benefits (Continued)
        3.22.2 Accounting treatment of post-employment benefits (Continued)
             (2)   Defined benefit plans (Continued)
                   Obligations under the defined benefit plan, including the payment obligation that is
                   expected to be done within 12 months following the annual reporting period when the
                   employees serve for the Company, are discounted at the market yield of the national
                   debt matching with the obligatory term of the defined benefit plan and the currency
                   on the balance sheet date or the bonds of the high-quality companies in the active
                   market.

                   The service costs of the defined benefit plan and net interest on the net liabilities or
                   net assets in respect of the defined benefit plan are included in the current profit or
                   loss or assets-related costs; changes in the re-measurement of net liabilities or net
                   assets under the defined benefit plans should be included in other comprehensive
                   income and should not be reversed in subsequent accounting periods. When the
                   original defined benefit plan terminates, the portion originally included in other
                   comprehensive income will all be transferred to the undistributed profits.

                   For the settlement of the defined benefit plan, the balance between the present
                   value and the settlement price in regard to the defined benefit plan confirmed on the
                   settlement date is recognized and settled as gains or losses.

        3.22.3 Accounting treatment of dismissal benefits
             Where the Company provides dismissal welfare to employees, employee benefits incurred
             from dismissal benefits are recognized as liabilities and recorded into the current profit
             and loss at the earlier date of: when the Company is unable to unilaterally withdraw the
             dismissal benefits provided in the plan on the cancellation of labor relationship or the
             layoff proposal; when the Company recognizes the cost related to restructuring concerning
             payment of dismissal benefits.




                                                                                                      135
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.23 Estimated liabilities
          When an obligation relating to a contingency meets all the following conditions at the same time,
          it will be recognized as an estimated liability by the Company:

          (1)   Such obligation is a present obligation of the Company;

          (2)   The performance of such obligation is likely to result in outflow of economic benefits from
                the Company;

          (3)   The amount of the obligation can be measured reliably.

          Estimated liabilities of the Company are initially measured as the best estimate of expenses
          required for the performance of relevant present obligations.

          When determining the best estimates, the Company comprehensively considers the risks,
          uncertainties, time value of money, and other factors relating to the contingencies. If the time
          value of money is significant, the best estimates shall be determined after discount of relevant
          future cash outflows.

          If there is continuous range for the necessary expenses, and probabilities of occurrence of
          all the outcomes within this range are equal, the best estimate will be determined at the
          intermediate value; in other cases, the best estimate is subject to the treatment for the following
          circumstances:

          •     If contingencies are involved with single project, the estimate will be determined based on
                the amount which is most likely to occur.

          •     If contingencies are involved with several projects, the estimate will be determined based on
                various possible results and relevant probabilities.

          If all or part of the expenses necessary for liquidating estimated liabilities are expected to be
          compensated by a third party, the compensation will be separately recognized as assets when it
          is virtually certain that the compensation will be received. The compensation recognized should
          not exceed the book value of estimated liabilities.

          The Company reviews the book value of estimated liabilities on the balance sheet date. If there is
          unambiguous evidence indicating that such book value cannot reflect the current best estimate,
          such book value will be adjusted based on the current best estimate.




136
                                                                                      Annual Report 2025




                                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                               (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.24 Share-based payments
        The Company’s share-based payments are transactions in which the Company grants equity
        instruments or undertakes equity-instrument-based liabilities in return for services from
        employees or other parties. The share-based payments of the Company consist of equity-settled
        share-based payments and cash-settled share-based payments.

        3.24.1 Equity-settled share-based payment and equity instruments
             Where the Company acquires services rendered by employees via the equity-settled
             share-based payment, such payment should be calculated at the fair value of equity
             instruments granted to employees. The Company includes the share-based payment for
             which relevant right can be exercised subsequent to the grant of equity instruments in
             relevant costs or expenses on the grant date at the fair value of equity instruments and
             increases capital reserves accordingly. For the share-based payment for which relevant
             right can be exercised after the grant of equity instruments only when the services during
             the waiting period are completed or the specified performance conditions are met, on each
             balance sheet date within the waiting period, the Company, based on the best estimate
             of the quantity of equity instruments where relevant rights can be exercised, includes the
             services acquired during that period in relevant costs or expenses at the fair value on the
             grant date, and increases capital reserves accordingly.

             In case any clause on the equity-settled share-based payment has been modified, services
             acquired should be recognized as if such clause has not been modified. In addition, the
             increase in services acquired should be recognized in case of any increase to the fair
             value of equity instruments granted or any change favorable to employees on the date of
             increasing such fair value.

             During the waiting period, if any equity instrument granted is canceled, the Company will
             accelerate the right exercise relevant to the equity instrument canceled, immediately
             include the amount which should be recognized during the remaining waiting period in the
             current profit or loss, and recognize capital reserves at the same time. However, if any new
             equity instrument is granted and on the date of granting such new equity instrument, it is
             affirmed that such new equity instrument can replace the canceled one, the treatment for
             such new equity instrument will be made in the way for modifying terms and conditions of
             the original equity instrument.




                                                                                                    137
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.24 Share-based payments (Continued)
          3.24.2 Cash-settled share-based payment and equity instruments
               Cash-settled share-based payment is measured at the fair value of the liability which is
               assumed by the Company and calculated based on share or other equity instrument. The
               Company includes the share-based payment for which relevant right can be exercised
               subsequent to the grant of equity instruments in relevant costs or expenses on the grant
               date at the fair value of the liability it assumes, and increase liabilities accordingly. For the
               share-based payment for which relevant right can be exercised after the grant of equity
               instruments only when the services during the waiting period are completed or the specified
               performance conditions are met, on each balance sheet date within the waiting period, the
               Company, based on the best estimate on the situation of exercising relevant right, includes
               the services acquired during that period in relevant costs or expenses and in liabilities
               according, at the fair value of the liability the Company assumes. On each balance sheet
               date and settlement date prior to the settlement of relevant liabilities, the fair value of
               liability should be remeasured through the current profit or loss.

               The Company amends the terms and conditions of the cash-settled share-based payment
               agreement so that it is paid in equity-settled shares, and on the modification date (whether
               occurring during or after the end of the waiting period), the Company measures the
               equity-settled share payments at the fair value of the equity instrument on the date of grant,
               includes the services obtained in the capital reserve, and derecognizes the cash-settled
               share-based payment of the recognized liabilities on the modification date, the difference
               between which is recognized in profit or loss for the period. If the waiting period is extended
               or shortened due to the amendment, the Company will account for the revised waiting
               period.

      3.25 Revenue
          3.25.1 Accounting policies adopted for revenue recognition and measurement
               If the Company fulfills its performance obligations in a contract, it will recognize revenue
               when relevant customer obtains right of control over relevant goods or services. Obtaining
               the right of control over relevant goods or services means that the customer is able to make
               decisions on the use of the goods or the rendering of the services, and can obtain almost all
               of the economic benefits therefrom.

               If two or more performance obligations are covered in the contract, on the contract
               commencement date, the transaction price will be amortized to individual performance
               obligation based on the relative proportion of the individual selling price of goods or services
               involved in the individual performance obligation. The Company measures revenue at the
               transaction price amortized to individual performance obligation.




138
                                                                                      Annual Report 2025




                                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                               (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.25 Revenue (Continued)
        3.25.1 Accounting policies adopted for revenue recognition and measurement (Continued)
             The transaction price refers to the amount of consideration the Company is expected to
             have the right to take on account of the transfer of goods or services to the customer,
             excluding the payments charged by any third party and the payments expected to be
             refunded to the customer. The Company determines the transaction price according to
             the contract terms and in light of its previous regular practice, in the meantime, factors
             such as variable consideration, significant financing composition existing in the contract,
             non-cash consideration, and consideration payable to customers will be taken into account.
             The Company determines the transaction price involving the variable consideration at the
             amount that should not exceed the amount of accumulatively recognized revenue that is
             highly unlikely to have a major reversal when relevant uncertainty is eliminated. If the
             significant financing component in covered in the contract, the Company will determine the
             transaction price based on the amount of cash payable at once by the customer when the
             customer acquires the right of control over goods or services, as assumed, and amortize the
             difference between such transaction price and the contract price by the effective interest
             method during the contract period.

             The obligation performance belongs to certain period in case one of the following conditions
             is met; otherwise, it belongs to certain time-point:

             •    The customer obtains and consumes the economic benefits brought by the
                  performance of the Company while the Company is performing the obligation.

             •    Customers are able to control the goods under construction by the Company in the
                  course of performing obligations.

             •    The Goods produced in the course of performing obligations have irreplaceable uses,
                  and the Company has the right to receive payments for the portion of the performance
                  that has been completed to date.

             For a performance obligation to be performed within a certain period, the Company
             recognizes the revenue according to the performance progress during such period, except
             for the case that the performance progress cannot be reasonably determined. The Company
             may determine the performance progress by the output method or input method based
             on the nature of goods or service. When the performance progress cannot be reasonably
             determined, if the cost incurred is expected to be compensated, the revenue will be
             recognized by the Company at the amount of the cost incurred until the performance
             progress can be reasonably determined.




                                                                                                    139
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.25 Revenue (Continued)
          3.25.1 Accounting policies adopted for revenue recognition and measurement (Continued)
               The revenue from obligation performance belonging to certain time-point is recognized by
               the Company when the customer has acquired the right of control over relevant goods or
               services. The Company will consider the following signs when judging whether the customer
               has acquired the right of control over relevant goods or services:

               •     The customer has the current payment obligation for such goods or service, i.e. the
                     Company enjoys the current right to collect the payment for such goods or service.

               •     The Company has transferred the legal ownership of such goods to the customer, i.e.
                     the customer possesses the legal ownership of such goods.

               •     The Company has transferred goods to the customer in kind, i.e. the customer has
                     possessed such goods in kind.

               •     The substantial risks and rewards of the ownership of such goods have been
                     transferred by the Company to the customer, i.e. the customer has acquired the
                     substantial risks and rewards of the ownership of such goods.

               •     The customer has accepted such goods or services.

               The Company determines whether its status is that of a principally liable person or an agent
               at the time of engaging in a transaction based on whether it has control over the goods or
               services prior to transferring them to the customer. If the Company is able to control the
               goods or services prior to transferring them to the customer, the Company is the principal
               and recognizes revenue based on the total consideration received or receivable; otherwise,
               the Company is the agent and recognizes revenue based on the amount of commissions or
               fees it expects to be entitled to receive.




140
                                                                                       Annual Report 2025




                                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.25 Revenue (Continued)
        3.25.2 Disclosure of specific revenue recognition and measurement methods by type of business
             Business revenues of the Company mainly come from information technology services for
             civil aviation, settlement and clearing service, data network service, system integration
             service and technology service. In which, revenues from rendering information technology
             service for civil aviation, settlement and clearing service, data network services and
             technology service are recognized monthly in the course of rendering these services; the
             revenue from system integration service is recognized upon the acceptance inspection by
             the customer as the project work time is generally short. In the system integration project,
             if the commitment that the installation service will be rendered after the equipment delivery
             is given to the customer, and the installation service does not have significant impact on
             the equipment, the revenue recognition will be made by stages based on two obligation
             performance, i.e., sales of equipment and rendering of installation service. The revenue
             recognition for sales of equipment is made after the equipment delivery and acceptance
             inspection, and that for installation service is made after the customer fully completes the
             acceptance inspection.

    3.26 Contract costs
        Contract costs include the contract performance cost and the contract acquisition cost.

        The Company’s cost on contract performance does not belong to scope of standards for
        inventories, fixed assets or intangible assets, and is recognized as an asset when it meets the
        following conditions:

        •    Such cost is directly relevant to the contract which has been or is expected to be acquired.

        •    Such cost increases the resource which will be used by the Company for obligation
             performance.

        •    Such cost is expected to be recoverable.

        If the incremental cost incurred in the Company on account of contract acquisition is expected to
        be recoverable, it, as the contract acquisition cost, will be recognized as an asset.

        Assets related to contract cost are amortized on the basis for the recognition of revenue from
        goods or services relevant to such assets; however, if the amortization period of contract
        acquisition cost is less than one year, the Company will include such cost in the current profit or
        loss when it occurs.




                                                                                                      141
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.26 Contract costs (Continued)
          If the book value of the assets related to contract cost is higher than the difference between the
          following two items, the Company will make the provision for impairment of the exceeding part,
          and recognize it as the loss from impairment of assets.

          1.   The remaining consideration expected to be obtained on account of the transfer of goods or
               services related to the assets;

          2.   The cost that is expected to be incurred for the purpose of transferring relevant goods or
               services.

          If the factors causing the impairment in the previous period change, resulting that the
          above-mentioned difference is higher than the book value of such assets, the Company will
          reverse the provision for impairment which has been made originally, and include it in the current
          profit or loss. However, the book value of assets reversed should not exceed the book value of
          such assets on the reversal date as if no provision for impairment has been made.

      3.27 Government grants
          3.27.1 Type
               Government grants are monetary assets and non-monetary assets freely obtained by
               the Company from the government. Government grants are classified into asset-related
               government grants and income-related government grants.

               Asset-related government grants refer to government grants obtained by the Company for
               forming long-term assets by acquisition, construction or other manners. Income-related
               government grants refer to government grants excluding the asset-related government
               grants.

          3.27.2 Timing of recognition
               Government grants are recognized when the Company can meet all conditions attached
               thereto and is able to obtain such grants.




142
                                                                                        Annual Report 2025




                                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.27 Government grants (Continued)
        3.27.3 Accounting treatment
             Asset-related government grants are used to offset the book value of relevant assets or
             recognized as deferred income. If such grants are recognized as the deferred income,
             they will be included in the current profit or loss by reasonable and systematic methods
             within useful lives of related assets (if such grants are relevant to routine activities of the
             Company, they will be included in other income; if such grants are irrelevant to routine
             activities of the Company, they will be included in non-operating revenue);

             Income-related government grants to be used as compensation for future expenses or
             losses are recognized as deferred income and are recorded in current profit or loss where
             the relevant expenses or losses are recognized (if they are related to daily activities of
             the Company, they will be included into other income; otherwise, they will be included
             in non-operating income) or set off the related expenses or losses; those to be used as
             compensation for incurred expenses or losses are recorded in current profit or loss (if
             they are related to daily activities of the Company, they will be included into other income;
             otherwise, they will be included in non-operating income) or will set off the related expenses
             or losses.

             The interest subsidies of policy-based preferential loans obtained by the Company are
             subject to the following accounting treatments according to two situations:

             (1)   When the finance department appropriates the interest subsidies to the lending bank,
                   and the lending bank provides the loan at the policy-based preferential interest rate to
                   the Company, the Company will take the book-entry value at the loan amount actually
                   received, and relevant loan expenses are calculated based on the principal of the loan
                   and the policy-based preferential interest rate.

             (2)   Where the finance department directly appropriates the interest subsidies to the
                   Company, the Company will use the corresponding interest subsidies to offset related
                   borrowing costs.




                                                                                                       143
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.28 Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities
          Income tax includes the current income tax and deferred income tax. Except for the income tax
          in the transactions or matters of business combination and directly including relevant items in
          the owners’ equity (including other comprehensive income), the Company includes the current
          income tax and deferred income tax in the current profit or loss.

          The deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities are calculated and recognized
          based on the differences (temporary differences) between the tax bases of assets and liabilities
          and the book values of the same.

          Deferred income tax assets are recognized at deductible temporary differences to the extent
          that it shall not exceed the taxable income probably obtained in future period and used to deduct
          the deductible temporary differences. For deductible losses and tax credits that can be carried
          forward to subsequent periods, deferred income tax assets arising therefrom are recognized to
          the extent of the taxable income probably obtained in future period that can be used for deducting
          the deductible losses and tax credits.

          Taxable temporary differences are recognized as deferred income tax liabilities except in special
          circumstances.

          Special situations where the deferred income tax assets or deferred income tax liabilities are not
          recognized include:

          •    Initial recognition of goodwill;

          •    Transactions or matters that neither belong to the business combination nor affect the
               accounting profit and taxable income (or deductible loss) when they occur, and that do
               not give rise to equal amounts of taxable temporary differences and deductible temporary
               differences upon initial recognition of the assets and liabilities.

          For the taxable temporary differences related to the investments in subsidiaries, associates and
          joint ventures, the deferred tax liabilities should be recognized, unless that the timing of the
          reversal of the temporary differences is able to be controlled by the Company and the temporary
          differences will be probable not to be reversed in the foreseeable future. For deductible
          temporary differences arising from investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures,
          when the temporary difference will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be
          available against which the deductible temporary differences can be used, the deferred tax asset
          will be recognized.

          On the balance sheet date, the deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities
          are measured at the tax rates applicable to the period where relevant assets are expected to be
          recovered or relevant liabilities are expected to be discharged, according to the tax law.



144
                                                                                        Annual Report 2025




                                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.28 Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities (Continued)
        On the balance sheet date, the Company reviews the book value of deferred income tax assets.
        If it is unlikely to obtain sufficient taxable income in the future to offset against the benefit of
        deferred income tax assets, the book value of deferred income tax assets will be written down. If
        it is likely to obtain sufficient taxable income, the book value of deferred tax assets written down
        will be recovered.

        If the Company has the legal right to settle in net amounts and intends to settle in net amount or
        to obtain assets and discharge liabilities simultaneously, the current tax assets and current tax
        liabilities of the Company shall be presented based on the net amount after offset.

        On the balance sheet date, deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities
        simultaneously meeting the following conditions are presented by net amount after offset:

        •    The taxpayer has the legal right to settle the current income tax assets and current income
             tax liabilities by net amount;

        •    Deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities are related to the income
             tax which are imposed on the same taxpayer by the same tax collection authority or to
             different taxpayers, but, in each important future period in connection with the reversal of
             deferred income tax assets and liabilities, the involved taxpayers intend to settle the current
             income tax assets and current income tax liabilities with net amount or to obtain assets and
             discharge liabilities simultaneously.

    3.29 Lease
        Lease refers to a contract in which a lessor assigns the right to use an asset to a lessee within a
        certain period of time in order to obtain consideration. On the contract commencement date, the
        Company evaluates whether the contract is a lease or includes a lease. If a party to a contract
        transfers the right to control the use of one or more identified assets within a certain period in
        exchange for consideration, the contract shall be a lease or include a lease.

        If the contract contains multiple individual leases, the Company will split the contract and
        make accounting treatment over each individual lease. If the contract contains both leased and
        non-leased parts, the lessee and lessor will split the leased and non-leased parts.




                                                                                                       145
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.29 Lease (Continued)
          3.29.1 The Company as lessee
               3.29.1.1 Right-of-use assets
                     At the commencement date, the Company recognize the right-of-use asset for leases
                     other than short-term leases and low-value asset leases. Right-of-use assets are
                     initially measured at cost. This cost includes:

                     •     the initial measurement amount of lease liabilities;

                     •     in case of any lease incentives, relevant amount of the lease incentives enjoyed
                           shall be deducted from the lease payment paid on or before the commencement
                           date of the lease term;

                     •     the initial direct costs incurred of the Company;

                     •     the costs incurred of the Company for demolishing and removing leased assets,
                           restoring the site where the leased assets are located, or restoring the leased
                           assets to the state agreed in the lease terms, but excluding the cost incurred for
                           inventory production.

                     The Company subsequently adopts the straight-line-method to make the provision for
                     the depreciation of the right-of-use assets. If it can be reasonably determined that the
                     ownership of the leased asset will be obtained at the expiration of the lease term, the
                     Company shall accrue depreciation within the remaining useful life of the leased asset;
                     otherwise, the leased assets should be depreciated over the shorter of the lease term
                     or the remaining useful life of the leased assets.

                     The Company determines whether the right-of-use assets have been impaired or not
                     according to the principle described in “3.19 Impairment of long-term assets” in this
                     note, and make the accounting treatment for the identified impairment losses.




146
                                                                                         Annual Report 2025




                                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.29 Lease (Continued)
        3.29.1 The Company as lessee (Continued)
             3.29.1.2 Lease liabilities
                   As at the beginning of the lease period, the Company recognizes the leases other than
                   short-term leases and leases of low-value assets as lease liabilities. Lease liabilities
                   are initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that have not been
                   paid. Lease payments include:

                   •      for fixed payments (including substantial fixed payments), if there is any lease
                          incentive, the relevant amount of the lease incentive shall be deducted;

                   •      variable lease payments depending on the index or ratio;

                   •      the payments expected to be payable based on the residual value of the
                          guarantee provided by the Company;

                   •      exercise price of purchase option, provided that the Company reasonably
                          determines that it will exercise the option;

                   •      the amount to be paid to exercise the lease termination option, provided that it is
                          reflected that the Company will exercise the lease termination option during the
                          lease period;

                   The Company adopts the implicit rate of lease as the discount rate, but if the implicit
                   rate of lease cannot be reasonably determined, the incremental borrowing rate will be
                   adopted as the discount rate.

                   The Company calculates the interest expenses of lease liabilities in each lease term
                   based on a fixed periodic interest rate, and includes such expenses into the current
                   profit or loss or the cost of related assets.

                   The variable lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities
                   shall be included in the current profit or loss or the costs of related assets when they
                   actually occur.




                                                                                                        147
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.29 Lease (Continued)
          3.29.1 The Company as lessee (Continued)
               3.29.1.2 Lease liabilities (Continued)
                     After the commencement date of the lease term, under any of the following
                     circumstances, the Company will re-measure the lease liabilities and adjust the
                     corresponding right-of-use assets; if the book value of the right-of-use assets has
                     been reduced to zero and further reduction of lease liabilities is still required, the
                     difference will be included in the current profit or loss:

                     •     In case of any change in the evaluation results of the purchase option, lease
                           renewal option or termination option, or any inconsistency between the actual
                           exercise of the aforesaid options and the original evaluation results, the Company
                           will re-measure lease liabilities according to the present value calculated by the
                           changed lease payments and the revised discount rate;

                     •     In case of any change in the substantial fixed payments, the estimated payable
                           amount based on the residual value of the guarantee, or in the index or ratio
                           used to determine lease payments, the Company will re-measure lease liabilities
                           according to the present value calculated by the changed lease payments and the
                           original discount rate. However, if the change of lease payment is caused by the
                           change of floating interest rate, the revised discount rate is used to calculate the
                           present value.

               3.29.1.3 Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
                     The Company chooses not to recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for
                     short-term leases and leases of low-value assets, and the relevant lease payments
                     are included in the current profit or loss or the cost of related assets by straight-line
                     method over each period within the lease term. Short-term leases refer to leases
                     that do not exceed 12 months on the commencement date of the lease period and do
                     not include any purchase option. Low-value asset lease refers to the lease of a single
                     lease asset with lower value when it is brand new. The Company regards the lease
                     of a single leased asset with a value of no more than RMB35,000.00 when it is brand
                     new as a new asset as a low-value asset lease. For the lease asset subleased by the
                     Company subleases or expected to be subleased, the original lease is not a lease of
                     low-value assets.




148
                                                                                      Annual Report 2025




                                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                               (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.29 Lease (Continued)
        3.29.1 The Company as lessee (Continued)
             3.29.1.4 Lease changes
                   If the lease changes and the following conditions are met at the same time, the
                   Company will carry out accounting treatment over the lease change as a separate
                   lease:

                   •    where the lease change expands the scope of the lease by adding the right to use
                        one or more leased assets;

                   •    where the increase of the consideration is equivalent to the adjusted individual
                        price of the expanded part of the lease scope according to the contract.

                   Where the lease change is not accounted for as a separate lease, on the effective date
                   of the lease change, the Company will re-distribute the consideration of the contract
                   after the change, re-determine the lease period, and re-measure lease liabilities
                   according to the present value calculated by the changed lease payments and the
                   revised discount rate.

                   If the lease change causes the lease scope to be reduced or the lease term to
                   be shortened, the Company shall correspondingly reduce the book value of the
                   right-to-use assets, and include the related gains or losses of partial or complete
                   termination of the lease in the current profit or loss. Where other lease changes lead
                   to re-measurement of lease liabilities, the Company will adjust the book value of the
                   right-of-use assets accordingly.

        3.29.2 The Company as lessor
             Leases of the Company are classified as finance lease and operating lease on the lease
             commence date. Lease under which almost all the risks and rewards relevant to the
             ownership of leased assets are materially transferred is recognized as finance lease,
             regardless of whether the ownership is ultimately transferred. Operating lease refers to
             the leases other than finance lease. When the Company is a sub-lessor, it classifies the
             sub-leases based on the right-of-use assets generated by the original lease.




                                                                                                    149
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.29 Lease (Continued)
          3.29.2 The Company as lessor (Continued)
               3.29.2.1 Accounting treatment of operating leases
                     Rental from the operating lease in each stage during the rental period should be
                     recognized as the lease income by the straight-line method. Initial direct costs relating
                     to operating lease incurred by the Company are capitalized, and shall be included in
                     the current profit or loss on the same basis as the recognition of lease income during
                     the lease term. The variable lease payable that is not included in the lease receivable
                     shall be included in the current profit or loss at the time of actual occurrence. In case
                     of any change in the operating lease, the Company will make the accounting treatment
                     for it as a new lease from the effective date of the change, and the amount received
                     in advance or lease receivables before the change will be regarded as the receivables
                     from the new lease.

               3.29.2.2 Accounting treatment of finance lease
                     On the lease commencement date, the Company recognizes finance lease receivables
                     for financing leases and derecognizes finance lease assets. When the Company
                     conducts the initial measurement of finance lease receivables, the net lease
                     investment is adopted as the entry value of the finance lease receivables. The net
                     lease investment is the sum of the unguaranteed residual value and the present value
                     of the lease payments that have not been received at the beginning of the lease term
                     and discounted at the interest rate included in the lease.

                     The Company calculates and recognizes the interest expenses in each lease term
                     based on a fixed periodic interest rate. The derecognition and impairment of
                     finance lease receivables shall be accounted for in accordance with “3.9 Financial
                     instruments” herein.

                     The variable lease payable that is not included in the net lease investment for
                     measurement shall be included in the current profit or loss at the time of actual
                     occurrence.




150
                                                                                      Annual Report 2025




                                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.29 Lease (Continued)
        3.29.2 The Company as lessor (Continued)
             3.29.2.2 Accounting treatment of finance lease (Continued)
                  If the finance lease changes and the following conditions are met at the same time, the
                  Company will carry out accounting treatments over the change as a separate lease:

                  •     where the change expands the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one
                        or more leased assets;

                  •     where the increase of the consideration is equivalent to the adjusted individual
                        price of the expanded part of the lease scope according to the contract.

                  Where the change of finance lease is not accounted for as a separate lease, the
                  Company will treat the changed lease according to the following circumstances:

                  •     If the change comes into effect on the lease commencement date, the lease will
                        be classified as an operating lease. The Company will start making accounting
                        treatment for it as a new lease from the effective date of the lease change, and
                        regard the net lease investment before the effective date of the lease change as
                        the book value of the leased assets;

                  •     If the change comes into effect on the lease commencement date, the lease
                        will be classified as a finance lease, and the Company will conduct accounting
                        treatment according to the policy on modifying or renegotiating the contract
                        in“3.9 Financial instruments” of this note.




                                                                                                    151
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.29 Lease (Continued)
          3.29.3 Sale-and leaseback deals
               The Company evaluates and determines whether the transfer of assets in the
               sale-and-leaseback transaction is a sale in accordance with the principles described in “3.25
               Revenue” herein.

               (1)   As the lessee
                     If the asset transfer in the sale-leaseback transaction belongs to sales, the Company
                     as the lessee measures the right-of-use asset formed by the sale-leaseback according
                     to the part related to the use-right obtained from the leaseback in the original book
                     value of assets, and only recognizes the relevant gains and losses only for the rights
                     transferred to the lessor.

                     After the commencement date of the lease term, for subsequent measurement of
                     the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities and lease modifications, please refer to
                     “3.29.1 The Company as lessee” in this note. In the subsequent measurement of lease
                     liabilities arising from the sale-leaseback, the Company’s method of determining lease
                     payments or modified lease payments does not result in the recognition of gains or
                     losses related to the right of use retained in the leaseback.

                     If the asset transfer in the sale-and-leaseback transaction does not belong to the
                     sale, the Company, as the lessee, continues to confirm the transferred assets and
                     recognizes a financial liability equivalent to the transfer income. Please refer to “Note
                     3.29.1 The Company as lessee” for the accounting treatment for financial liabilities.

               (2)   As the lessor
                     If the asset transfer in the sale-leaseback transaction belongs to sales, the Company,
                     as the lessor, will make accounting treatment for the purchased assets, and for the
                     asset lease according to the aforesaid policy in “2. The Company as the lessor”; If
                     the asset transfer in the sale-and-leaseback transaction does not belong to the sale,
                     the Company, as the lessor, will not confirm the transferred assets but recognizes a
                     financial asset equivalent to the transfer income. Please refer to “Note 3.9 Financial
                     instruments” for the accounting treatment for financial assets.




152
                                                                                          Annual Report 2025




                                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.30 Debt restructuring
        3.30.1 The company as a creditor
             The Company terminates the recognition of claims when the contractual right to collect
             cash flows from the claims terminates. If debt is restructured by settling debts with assets
             or converting debts into equity instruments, the company will recognize the relevant assets
             when they meet their definition and recognition conditions.

             If debt restructuring is carried out by repaying debts with assets, the transferred
             non-financial assets shall be measured at cost when the company initially recognizes them.
             The cost of inventory includes the fair value of the relinquished claims and other costs
             directly attributable to the asset such as taxes, transportation fees, loading and unloading
             fees, insurance premiums and other costs incurred to bring the asset to its current location
             and condition. The cost of an investment in an associate or joint venture includes the fair
             value of the relinquished claims and other costs such as taxes directly attributable to the
             asset. The cost of investment real estate includes the fair value of the relinquished claims
             and other costs such as taxes that are directly attributable to the asset. The cost of a fixed
             asset includes the fair value of the relinquished claim and other costs directly attributable
             to the asset such as taxes, transportation fees, loading and unloading fees, installation fees,
             professional service fees and other costs incurred before the asset reaches its intended
             usable condition. The cost of biological assets includes the fair value of the relinquished
             claims and other costs such as taxes, transportation fees, and insurance premiums that are
             directly attributable to the assets. The cost of intangible assets includes the fair value of the
             relinquished claims and other costs that are directly attributable to taxes and other costs
             incurred in bringing the asset to its intended use. If the debt restructuring by converting
             debt into equity instruments results in the creditor converting its claim into an equity
             investment in an associate or joint venture, the company shall measure it based on the fair
             value of the relinquished claim and taxes and other costs directly attributable to the asset.
             its initial investment cost. The difference between the fair value and the book value of the
             relinquished claims is included in the current profit and loss.

             If debt restructuring is carried out by modifying other terms, the company shall confirm and
             measure the restructured claims in accordance with “Note 3.9 Financial Instruments”.




                                                                                                         153
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.30 Debt restructuring (Continued)
          3.30.1 The company as a creditor (Continued)
               If multiple assets are used to repay debts or a combination is used to restructure debt, the
               company will first confirm and measure the transferred financial assets and restructured
               claims in accordance with “Note 3.9 Financial Instruments”, and then use The fair value
               ratio of each asset is divided into the net amount after deducting the confirmed amount of
               transferred financial assets and restructured claims from the fair value of the relinquished
               claims, and based on this, the cost of each asset is determined according to the
               aforementioned method. The difference between the fair value of the relinquished claim and
               its book value shall be included in the current profit and loss.

          3.30.2 The company as the debtor
               The Company derecognises a debt when its current obligations are discharged.

               If debt reorganization is carried out by repaying debts with assets, the company will
               terminate the recognition when the relevant assets and the debts paid off meet the
               conditions for derecognition, and the difference between the book value of the debts paid off
               and the book value of the transferred assets shall be included in the current profit and loss.

               If the debt is converted into equity instruments for debt restructuring, the company will
               derecognize the debt when the repaid debt meets the conditions for derecognition. When
               the company initially recognizes an equity instrument, it is measured based on the fair
               value of the equity instrument. If the fair value of the equity instrument cannot be reliably
               measured, it is measured based on the fair value of the debt repaid. The difference between
               the book value of the debt repaid and the recognized amount of the equity instrument shall
               be included in the current profit and loss.

               If debt restructuring is carried out by modifying other terms, the company shall recognize
               and measure the restructured debt in accordance with “Note 3.9 Financial Instruments”.

               If multiple assets are used to repay debts or a combination is used to reorganize debts,
               the company shall confirm and measure equity instruments and restructured debts in
               accordance with the aforementioned methods. The difference between the book value of
               the debt repaid and the sum of the book value of the transferred assets and the recognized
               amounts of the equity instruments and restructured debts shall be included in the current
               profit or loss.




154
                                                                                      Annual Report 2025




                                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                               (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.31 Segment reporting
        The Company determines its operating segments based on its internal organizational structure,
        management requirements, and internal reporting system, and determines its reportable
        segments and discloses segment information on the basis of operating segments.

        An operating segment is a component of the Company that simultaneously meets the following
        conditions: (1) the component is capable of generating revenues and incurring expenses in its
        day-to-day activities; (2) the management of the Company is able to evaluate the operating
        results of the component on a regular basis in order to decide on the allocation of resources
        to the component and to evaluate its performance; and (3) the Company is able to obtain the
        component’s accounting information relating to the component’s financial position, results
        of operations and cash flows. Two or more operating segments may be consolidated into one
        operating segment if they have similar economic characteristics and meet certain conditions.

    3.32 Key accounting policies and accounting estimates
        3.32.1 Estimated useful life and residual value of property, plant and equipment
             The Group uses the straight-line method to depreciate property, plant and equipment
             according to their estimated useful life, and adopts a sufficient depreciation rate to offset
             the amount of their cost minus the accumulated impairment loss and the revaluation
             amount after the estimated remaining value. The Group reviews the useful lives of fixed
             assets on a regular basis to ensure that the depreciation method and depreciation rate are
             in line with the economic benefits of the relevant fixed assets.

             The Group’s estimation of the useful life of fixed assets is detailed in the “Note 3.15 Fixed
             Assets”, which is based on the historical experience of the Group in using similar assets and
             takes into account expected technological changes. If there is a significant change in the
             previous estimate, the future depreciation expense will be adjusted.

        3.32.2 Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets
             Determining whether goodwill and intangible assets are impaired requires an estimation
             of the value in use of the cash-generating unit to which goodwill has been allocated. When
             calculating the value in use, management is required to estimate the expected future cash
             flows from the cash-generating unit and an appropriate discount rate to calculate the
             present value.




                                                                                                     155
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.32 Key accounting policies and accounting estimates (Continued)
          3.32.3 Income tax and deferred tax
               The Group pays income tax in Mainland China and other jurisdictions. When determining
               income tax, significant judgments are required. In the ordinary course of business, the
               final tax determination involved in some transactions and calculations is uncertain. The
               Group recognizes liabilities for anticipated tax audit items based on estimates of whether
               additional taxes will be required. The final tax consequences of such events are different
               from the amounts originally recorded, and these differences will affect the income tax and
               deferred tax provisions during the period in which these determinations are made.

      3.33 Changes in significant accounting policies and accounting estimates and
           correction of errors
          3.33.1 Changes in significant accounting policies
               Implementation of the Implementation Q&A on Financial Instruments Standard regarding
               the accounting treatment of standard warehouse receipt transactions
               On July 8, 2025, the Ministry of Finance issued the Implementation Q&A on the accounting
               treatment of standard warehouse receipt transactions, which clearly stipulates that, in
               accordance with the Financial Instruments Recognition and Measurement Standard, if an
               enterprise frequently enters into contracts for the purchase and sale of standard warehouse
               receipts on a futures exchange to earn price differentials and does not take physical delivery
               of the commodities underlying the standard warehouse receipts, it generally indicates
               that the enterprise has a practice of receiving the subject matter of the contract and
               selling it again within a short period to profit from short-term fluctuations. The enterprise
               shall treat the contracts it enters into for the purchase and sale of standard warehouse
               receipts as financial instruments and account for them in accordance with the Financial
               Instruments Recognition and Measurement Standard. If an enterprise, after obtaining
               standard warehouse receipts in accordance with the aforementioned contractual terms,
               sells them within a short period, it shall not recognize sales revenue, but shall instead
               recognize the difference between the consideration received and the carrying amount of the
               standard warehouse receipts sold in investment income; if the enterprise holds standard
               warehouse receipts that have not yet been sold at the end of the period, they shall be
               presented as other current assets. For standard warehouse receipts obtained in accordance
               with the aforementioned contractual terms, if they can eliminate or significantly reduce an
               accounting mismatch, the enterprise may, at initial recognition, elect to measure them at
               fair value through profit or loss, and shall apply this election consistently to all standard
               warehouse receipts that meet the election criteria. For standard warehouse receipts that
               have been elected to be measured at fair value through profit or loss at initial recognition,
               the enterprise shall not revoke such election in subsequent periods.




156
                                                                                      Annual Report 2025




                                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.33 Changes in significant accounting policies and accounting estimates and
         correction of errors (Continued)
        3.33.1 Changes in significant accounting policies (Continued)
             Implementation of the Implementation Q&A on Financial Instruments Standard regarding
             the accounting treatment of standard warehouse receipt transactions (Continued)
             In accordance with the requirements of the “Notice on Strictly Implementing Enterprise
             Accounting Standards and Effectively Preparing Enterprises’ 2025 Annual Report” (Cai Kuai
             [2025] No. 33), if an enterprise adjusts its accounting treatment as a result of implementing
             the aforementioned provisions relating to standard warehouse receipts, it shall adjust the
             information for the comparable periods in the financial statements. The implementation of
             this provision has no material impact on the Company’s financial statements.

        3.33.2 Changes in significant accounting estimates
             None.


4   TAXATION
    4.1 Major tax types and tax rates

         Tax type                  Basis of tax assessment                                    Tax rate %
         Value added tax           Tax payable is calculated by VAT output, which is         See Table 1
           (“VAT”)                   based on the taxable sales amount generated               as below
                                     from sales of goods or rendering of service
                                     according to tax laws, less deductible VAT input
                                     of the current period
         Urban maintenance         Levied based on the actual VAT and consumption tax          5.00, 7.00
           and construction tax
         Corporate income tax      Levied based on taxable income                              See Table
                                                                                              2 as below




                                                                                                     157
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


4     TAXATION (CONTINUED)
      4.1 Major tax types and tax rates (Continued)
          4.1.1 During the reporting period, VAT rates adopted by the Company and its subsidiaries are


                 Company                                                                     Tax rate %
                 TravelSky Technology Limited                                           13.00, 9.00, 6.00
                 Chongqing Civil Aviation Cares Information
                    Technology Co., Ltd.                                                     13.00, 6.00
                 Hunan TravelSky Technology Limited                                          13.00, 6.00
                 Xi’an Civil Aviation Cares Technology Co., Ltd.                        13.00, 6.00, 3.00
                 Hubei Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.                                        13.00, 6.00
                 Civil Aviation Cares Technology of Xinjiang Co., Ltd.                  13.00, 6.00, 3.00
                 Shenzhen Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.                                     13.00, 6.00
                 Shanghai TravelSky Technology Limited                                               6.00
                 Xiamen Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.                                       13.00, 6.00
                 Qingdao Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.                                 13.00, 9.00, 6.00
                 Hainan Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.                                       13.00, 6.00
                 Guangzhou TravelSky Technology Ltd.                                    13.00, 6.00, 5.00
                 China Aviation Accounting Co., Ltd.                                                 6.00
                 Beijing AsiaTech Payment Technology Co., Ltd.                                       6.00
                 Antu Jinxin Commercial Factoring Co., Ltd.                                          6.00
                 Infosky Information Technology Co., Ltd.                                    13.00, 6.00
                 TravelSky Cares (Beijing) Real Estate Co., Ltd.                             13.00, 6.00
                 Beijing TravelSky Travel Agency Co., Ltd.                                           6.00
                 Travelsky Yunzhi Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.                             13.00, 6.00
                 Inner Mongolia TravelSky Technology Limited                                 13.00, 6.00
                 Zhejiang TravelSky Technology Limited                                       13.00, 6.00
                 Henan TravelSky Technology Limited                                          13.00, 6.00
                 Beijing TravelSky Technology Limited                                        13.00, 6.00
                 Guangzhou Skyecho Information Technology Co., Ltd.                          13.00, 6.00
                 TravelSky Digital Intelligence Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.                       6.00
                 TravelSky Technology International Limited                              Not Applicable
                 TravelSky Technology Singapore Pte. Ltd.                                Not Applicable
                 OpenJaw Technologies Limited                                                      23.00




158
                                                                                    Annual Report 2025




                                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                               (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


4   TAXATION (CONTINUED)
    4.1 Major tax types and tax rates (Continued)
        4.1.2 During the reporting period, enterprise income tax rates adopted by the Company and its
              subsidiaries are


              Taxpayer                                                             Income tax rate %
              TravelSky Technology Limited (Remark 1)                                          15.00
              Chongqing Civil Aviation Cares Information
                 Technology Co., Ltd. (Remark 2)                                               15.00
              Xi’an Civil Aviation Cares Technology Co., Ltd. (Remark 2)                       15.00
              Hubei Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd. (Remark 1)                                  15.00
              Civil Aviation Cares Technology of Xinjiang Co., Ltd.                            25.00
              Shenzhen Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd. (Remark 1)                               15.00
              Shanghai TravelSky Technology Limited (Remark 3)                                 20.00
              Xiamen Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd. (Remark 1)                                 15.00
              Qingdao Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd. (Remark 1)                                15.00
              Hainan Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd. (Remark 1)                                 15.00
              Guangzhou TravelSky Technology Limited (Remark 1)                                15.00
              China Aviation Accounting Co., Ltd. (Remark 1)                                   15.00
              Beijing AsiaTech Payment Technology Co., Ltd.                                    25.00
              Antu Jinxin Commercial Factoring Co., Ltd.                                       25.00
              Infosky Information Technology Co., Ltd. (Remark 1)                              15.00
              TravelSky Cares (Beijing) Real Estate Co., Ltd. (Remark 3)                       20.00
              Henan TravelSky Technology Limited                                               25.00
              Hunan TravelSky Technology Limited                                               25.00
              Beijing TravelSky Technology Limited                                             25.00
              Beijing TravelSky Travel Agency Co., Ltd.                                        25.00
              Travelsky Yunzhi Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (Remark 1)                       15.00
              Zhejiang TravelSky Technology Limited                                            25.00
              Guangzhou Skyecho Information Technology
                 Co., Ltd. (Remark 3)                                                          20.00
              TravelSky Digital Intelligence Technology (Beijing)
                 Co., Ltd. (Remark 1)                                                           15.00
              Inner Mongolia TravelSky Technology Limited                                       25.00
              TravelSky Technology International Limited                                  8.25, 16.50
              TravelSky Technology (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.                                        17.00
              OpenJaw Technologies Limited                                                      12.50




                                                                                                 159
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


4     TAXATION (CONTINUED)
      4.1 Major tax types and tax rates (Continued)
          4.1.2 During the reporting period, enterprise income tax rates adopted by the Company and its
                subsidiaries are (Continued)
               Remark 1: TravelSky Technology Limited, Hubei Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd., Shenzhen Civil Aviation Cares
                         Co., Ltd., Xiamen Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd., Qingdao Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd., Hainan Civil
                         Aviation Cares Co., Ltd., Guangzhou TravelSky Technology Limited, China Aviation Accounting Co.,
                         Ltd., Travelsky Yunzhi Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd., TravelSky Digital Intelligence Technology (Beijing)
                         Co., Ltd. and Infosky Information Technology Co., Ltd. have been assessed as high-tech enterprises,
                         enjoying the preferential income tax rate of 15%.


               Remark 2: The principal businesses of Chongqing Civil Aviation Cares Information Technology Co., Ltd. and Xi’an
                         Civil Aviation Cares Technology Co., Ltd. fall under Item 1 of Category 26 (Encouraged Industries) in the
                         Catalogue for the Guidance of Industrial Structure Adjustment (2024 Edition), namely “Development and
                         Construction of Aviation Computer Management and Its Network Systems”. Accordingly, the companies
                         are eligible for the 15% preferential corporate income tax policy for the Western Development Strategy.


               Remark 3: In accordance with the provisions of the Announcement on Tax and Fee Policies to Further Support
                         the Development of Small and Micro Enterprises and Individual Industrial and Commercial Households
                         (Announcement No. 12 of 2023 issued by the Ministry of Finance and the State Taxation Administration),
                         the policy for small low-profit enterprises of calculating taxable income at a reduced rate of 25%
                         and paying corporate income tax at a tax rate of 20% shall be extended to December 31, 2027. In the
                         current period, Shanghai TravelSky Technology Limited, TravelSky Cares (Beijing) Real Estate Co., Ltd.
                         Guangzhou Skyecho Information Technology Co., Ltd. meet the three conditions simultaneously, namely
                         taxable income not exceeding 3 million yuan, number of employees not exceeding 300 people, and total
                         assets not exceeding 50 million yuan, and are applicable to calculate taxable income at a reduced rate
                         of 25% and pay corporate income tax at a tax rate of 20%.


      4.2 Tax incentives
          4.2.1 High and New Technology Enterprise
               According to the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the People’s Republic of China (the “CIT
               Law”), the statutory income tax rate for Chinese companies is normally 25%. Pursuant to the
               relevant regulations, enterprises recognized as “High and New Technology Enterprises” are
               entitled to a preferential enterprise income tax rate of 15% under the CIT Law. The Company
               has been recognized as a “high-tech enterprise” since its inception, and has subsequently
               been reexamined for renewal of its “high-tech enterprise” status in accordance with the
               relevant regulatory requirements. The latest application for re-designation was completed in
               fiscal year 2023, and in accordance with the relevant regulatory requirements, the Company
               has accured for corporate income tax expense for fiscal year 2025 at a preferential tax rate
               of 15%.




160
                                                                                       Annual Report 2025




                                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


4   TAXATION (CONTINUED)
    4.2 Tax incentives (Continued)
        4.2.2 Key software enterprises
             Except that enterprises that have been assessed as high and new technology enterprises
             may enjoy the preferential income tax rate of 15%, enterprises assessed as key software
             enterprises within the national planning layout by relevant authorities may further enjoy the
             preferential tax rate of 10%. According to the relevant provisions, the difference between the
             tax paid at the tax rate of 15% and that paid at tax rate of 10% will be refunded to relevant
             enterprises subsequently, and such tax refund will be reflected in the income statement for
             the current period when it occurs.

             In the year of 2024, the Company has submitted an application for a 10% preferential tax
             rate for key software enterprises to relevant authorities and obtained approval.


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    5.1 Cash and cash equivalents

                                                                             As at                As at
                                                                      December 31,         December 31,
         Item                                                                2025                 2024
         Cash on hand                                                      1,132.61            10,958.18
         Digital currency                                              3,072,386.73         2,931,986.43
         Cash at bank                                              9,976,798,045.45    10,526,620,052.36
         Other cash and cash equivalents                              79,145,929.94        19,423,499.70


         Total                                                    10,059,017,494.73    10,548,986,496.67


         Including: The total amount deposited abroad                305,071,639.92       242,971,928.71
                    Money deposited abroad and with
                      restrictions on fund repatriation




                                                                                                      161
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.2 Financial assets held for trading

                                                                                        As at                   As at
                                                                                 December 31,            December 31,
           Item                                                                         2025                    2024
           Financial assets measured at fair value
             through the current profit or loss                               3,414,508,219.18        2,218,192,945.21
           Including: Debt instrument investments                             3,414,508,219.18        2,218,192,945.21


           Total                                                              3,414,508,219.18        2,218,192,945.21


          Note: Debt instrument investments represent the structured bank deposits (floating returns) held by the Group
                issued by Bank of Beijing Co., Ltd., China Everbright Bank Co., Ltd., Ping An Bank Co., Ltd. and Industrial
                Bank Co., Ltd. The annual interest rate of such structured deposits ranges from 0.45% to 2.40% with a
                maturity period of 90 to 185 days, and they are non-revocable prior to maturity.


      5.3 Notes receivable
          5.3.1 Breakdown of the notes receivable


                                                                                        As at                   As at
                                                                                 December 31,            December 31,
                   Item                                                                 2025                    2024
                   Bank acceptance bills                                        248,143,157.49          176,809,848.52
                   Commercial acceptance bills                                                          100,575,175.27
                   Less: Provision for bad debts                                                          8,266,130.25


                   Total                                                        248,143,157.49          269,118,893.54




162
                                                                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025




                                                                                                                       NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.3 Notes receivable (Continued)
        5.3.2 Disclosure of notes receivable under the methods of provision for bad debts by category


                                                                   As at December 31, 2025                                                             As at December 31, 2024

                                               Book balance               Provision for bad debts                              Book balance                   Provision for bad debts

                                                                                        Proportion                                                                           Proportion

                                                        Proportion                     of provision                                     Proportion                          of provision            Book

              Category                       Amount             (%)          Amount             (%)      Book value          Amount              (%)            Amount              (%)            value

              Provision for bad

                debts accrued on

                an individual basis

              Provision for bad

                debts on portfolio

                basis of credit

                risk characteristics   248,143,157.49         100.00                                  248,143,157.49   277,385,023.79         100.00        8,266,130.25           2.98    269,118,893.54



              Total                    248,143,157.49         100.00                                  248,143,157.49   277,385,023.79         100.00        8,266,130.25                   269,118,893.54



             Provision for bad debts on portfolio basis of credit risk characteristics:

             Provision for bad debts accrued on a portfolio basis:

                                                                                                              As at December 31, 2025
                                                                                                          Notes          Provision  Proportion of
              Name                                                                                    receivable     for bad debts   provision (%)
              Bank acceptance bills                                                           248,143,157.49


              Total                                                                           248,143,157.49




                                                                                                                                                                                                  163
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.3 Notes receivable (Continued)
          5.3.3 Provision, reversal or recovery of provision for bad debts in 2025


                                             As at                 Changes in the current period                       As at
                                      December 31,                  Reversal or Write-off or                    December 31,
                 Category                    2024        Provision     recovery      charge-off Other changes          2025
                 Commercial
                   acceptance bills    8,266,130.25   -8,266,130.25


                 Total                 8,266,130.25   -8,266,130.25


          5.3.4 Notes receivable pledged as at December 31, 2025
               None.

          5.3.5 Notes receivable endorsed or discounted but undue as at December 31, 2025
               None.

          5.3.6 Notes receivable actually written off in the current period
               None.




164
                                                                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025




                                                                                                                                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                                                            (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.4 Accounts receivable
        5.4.1 Disclosure of accounts receivable (based on invoice date)


                                                                                                                                                    As at                                             As at
                                                                                                                                             December 31,                                      December 31,
              Aging                                                                                                                                 2025                                              2024
              Within 1 year                                                                                                           4,023,101,970.17                                   4,364,620,502.58
              Including: Subitem within 1 year
              Within 6 months                                                                                                         2,910,511,722.04                                   3,226,636,111.47
              7 – 12 months                                                                                                           1,112,590,248.13                                   1,137,984,391.11
              1 – 2 years                                                                                                             1,317,645,129.60                                     886,220,736.59
              2 – 3 years                                                                                                               205,302,425.07                                     402,295,600.60
              3 – 4 years                                                                                                               341,227,634.11                                      73,320,330.14
              4 – 5 years                                                                                                                15,335,709.41                                     118,265,867.07
              Over 5 years                                                                                                              276,862,558.39                                     216,073,340.60
              Sub-total                                                                                                               6,179,475,426.75                                   6,060,796,377.58
              Less: Provision for bad debts                                                                                           1,072,562,011.77                                   1,101,521,334.95


              Total                                                                                                                   5,106,913,414.98                                   4,959,275,042.63


        5.4.2 Disclosure of accounts receivable under the methods of provision for bad debts by
              category


                                                                             As at December 31, 2025                                                                    As at December 31, 2024

                                                     Book balance                   Provision for bad debts                                     Book balance                    Provision for bad debts

                                                                                                   Proportion of              Book                                                            Proportion of                 Book

              Category                              Amount Proportion (%)               Amount provision (%)                 value             Amount Proportion (%)               Amount provision (%)                    value

              Provision for bad

                debts accrued on

                an individual basis          903,581,424.16          14.62       530,110,131.54          58.67      373,471,292.62      991,090,927.04          16.35        678,930,799.02           68.50       312,160,128.02

              Provision for bad debts on

                portfolio basis of credit

                risk characteristics        5,275,894,002.59         85.38       542,451,880.23          10.28     4,733,442,122.36    5,069,705,450.54         83.65        422,590,535.93               8.34   4,647,114,914.61



              Total                         6,179,475,426.75        100.00      1,072,562,011.77                   5,106,913,414.98    6,060,796,377.58        100.00      1,101,521,334.95                      4,959,275,042.63




                                                                                                                                                                                                                         165
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.4 Accounts receivable (Continued)
          5.4.2 Disclosure of accounts receivable under the methods of provision for bad debts by
                category (Continued)
               Provision for bad debts accrued on an individual basis:

                                                       As at December 31, 2025                             As at December 31, 2024
                                                     Provision for     Proportion of   Reason for                           Provision for
                 Name               Book balance        bad debts      provision (%)   provision         Book balance          bad debts
                 Customer 1        184,496,534.62   184,496,534.62            100.00   Poor financial   183,048,986.24     183,048,986.24
                                                                                         position
                 Customer 2        159,925,542.87   151,310,185.45             94.61   Poor financial   152,324,888.49     136,008,394.28
                                                                                         position
                 Customer 3        322,201,696.30    71,063,666.42             22.06   Poor financial   365,284,128.99     155,618,574.91
                                                                                         position
                 Customer 4         71,665,376.40    34,870,718.93             48.66   Poor financial    62,246,713.30      34,005,774.28
                                                                                         position
                 Customer 5         19,981,414.06    19,981,414.06            100.00   Poor financial    20,485,816.45      20,485,816.45
                                                                                         position
                 Customer 6         11,582,743.96    11,582,743.96            100.00   Poor financial    11,875,133.88      11,875,133.87
                                                                                         position
                 Customer 7          7,860,786.21     7,860,786.21            100.00   Poor financial     1,070,224.35       1,070,224.35
                                                                                         position
                 Customer 8         32,225,845.18     7,800,568.47             24.21   Poor financial    54,790,349.25      39,282,877.72
                                                                                         position
                 Customer 9          5,683,608.87     5,683,608.87            100.00   Poor financial     6,116,277.54       4,803,005.09
                                                                                         position
                 Customer 10         9,865,437.48     5,518,344.98             55.94   Poor financial    11,733,595.39       3,897,090.03
                                                                                         position
                 Other companies    78,092,438.21    29,941,559.57                                      122,114,813.16      88,834,921.80


                 Total             903,581,424.16   530,110,131.54                                      991,090,927.04     678,930,799.02




166
                                                                                         Annual Report 2025




                                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.4 Accounts receivable (Continued)
        5.4.2 Disclosure of accounts receivable under the methods of provision for bad debts by
              category (Continued)
            Provision for bad debts on portfolio basis of credit risk characteristics:

            Item accrued on a portfolio basis:

                                                              As at December 31, 2025
                                                      Accounts            Provision         Proportion of
             Name                                    receivable       for bad debts         provision (%)
             Accounts receivable from
               related parties                3,111,360,553.48
             Accounts receivable from
               third parties                  2,164,533,449.11        542,451,880.23                25.06


             Total                            5,275,894,002.59        542,451,880.23




                                                                                                      167
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.4 Accounts receivable (Continued)
          5.4.3 Provision, reversal or recovery of provision for bad debts in 2025


                                                  As at                                Changes in the current period                                        As at
                                           December 31,                         Reversal or         Write-off          Exchange Reclassification     December 31,
                 Category                         2024            Provision       recovery      or charge off       rate changes    adjustment              2025
                 Provision for bad
                   debts accrued on
                   an individual basis    678,930,799.02    -125,673,023.77   22,363,705.84                        -889,937.87        106,000.00    530,110,131.54
                 Provision for bad
                   debts accrued on
                   a portfolio basis      422,590,535.93    120,981,915.22                        903,210.22       -111,360.70       -106,000.00    542,451,880.23


                 Total                   1,101,521,334.95     -4,691,108.55   22,363,705.84       903,210.22     -1,001,298.57                     1,072,562,011.77


               Of which, significant amounts of provision for bad debts recovered or reversed in the current
               period:

                                                                                                                                        Basis for
                                                                                                                                        determining
                                                                                                                                        the original
                                                                                                                                        provision for bad
                                          Amount recovered                                                                              debts and its
                 Name of entity                or reversed              Reason for reversal              Method of recovery             reasonableness
                 Customer A                        9,868,740.00         Won the case in the              Cash collection                Claim dismissed
                                                                          second instance,                                                in the first
                                                                          and the counterparty                                            instance
                                                                          made payment in
                                                                          accordance with
                                                                          the judgment
                 Customer B                        9,668,871.67         The counterparty                 Cash collection                Deterioration
                                                                          made payment in                                                 of operating
                                                                          the current period                                              conditions
                 Customer C                        1,024,150.94         Collection of amounts            Cash collection                Operational
                                                                                                                                          difficulties
                                                                                                                                          leading to
                                                                                                                                          suspension of
                                                                                                                                          operations


                 Total                           20,561,762.61


168
                                                                                      Annual Report 2025




                                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                               (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.4 Accounts receivable (Continued)
        5.4.4 Accounts receivable actually charged off in 2025


              Item                                                                        Amount write off
              Accounts receivable actually write off                                           903,210.22


        5.4.5 Top five of accounts receivable as at December 31, 2025, presented by debtors
             The sum amount of top five of accounts receivable and contract assets presented by debtors
             is RMB2,605,967,044.23, accounting for 41.54% of the ending balance of accounts receivable
             and contract assets, and the corresponding ending balance of provision for bad debts is
             RMB232,745,553.65.

    5.5 Advances to suppliers
        5.5.1 Presentation of advances to suppliers by aging


                                         As at December 31, 2025            As at December 31, 2024
              Aging                         Amount Proportion (%)              Amount Proportion (%)
              Within 1 year          194,416,191.78               87.40   44,962,624.09             58.73
              1 to 2 years             9,111,746.99                4.10   21,064,290.23             27.51
              2 to 3 years             9,987,327.88                4.49    1,996,868.86              2.61
              Over 3 years             8,913,697.72                4.01    8,538,165.42             11.15
              Sub-total              222,428,964.37              100.00   76,561,948.60            100.00
              Less: Provision for
                 bad debts             3,562,755.57                        3,562,755.57


              Total                  218,866,208.80              100.00   72,999,193.03            100.00


        5.5.2 Prepayments to top five suppliers by ending balance
             The total amount of prepayments to the top five suppliers by concentration of ending balance
             is RMB85,370,547.31, accounting for 38.38% of the total ending balance of prepayments.




                                                                                                      169
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.6 Other receivables

                                                                         As at              As at
                                                                  December 31,       December 31,
           Item                                                          2025               2024
           Interest receivable
           Dividends receivable                                     5,500,000.00       5,110,000.00
           Other receivables                                    2,848,137,688.95   2,095,113,581.75


           Total                                                2,853,637,688.95   2,100,223,581.75


          5.6.1 Dividends receivable
               Details of dividends receivable

                                                                         As at              As at
                                                                  December 31,       December 31,
                   Item (or investee)                                    2025               2024
                   Shanghai Civil Aviation East China
                     Cares System Integration Co., Ltd                                 2,050,000.00
                   Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.                          2,560,000.00
                   Xinjiang TravelSky E-surfing Science and
                     Technology Co., Ltd.                           5,500,000.00         500,000.00
                   Sub-total                                        5,500,000.00       5,110,000.00
                   Less: Provision for bad debts


                   Total                                            5,500,000.00       5,110,000.00




170
                                                                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025




                                                                                                                               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                                                       (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.6 Other receivables (Continued)
        5.6.2 Other receivables
             (1)   Disclosure by aging

                                                                                                                                              As at                                              As at
                                                                                                                                       December 31,                                       December 31,
                    Aging                                                                                                                     2025                                               2024
                    Within 1 year                                                                                                  2,746,209,771.34                                 1,965,319,760.16
                    Including: Subitem within 1 year
                    Within 6 months                                                                                                2,717,621,136.75                                 1,959,444,577.02
                    7 – 12 months                                                                                                     28,588,634.59                                     5,875,183.14
                    1 – 2 years                                                                                                       29,403,878.45                                    76,558,080.75
                    2 – 3 years                                                                                                       40,603,953.06                                    11,133,258.21
                    3 – 4 years                                                                                                        7,122,357.60                                    24,067,059.13
                    4 – 5 years                                                                                                        9,715,072.60                                     8,445,938.04
                    Over 5 years                                                                                                      15,190,043.17                                     9,696,872.73
                    Sub-total                                                                                                      2,848,245,076.22                                 2,095,220,969.02
                    Less: Provision for bad debts                                                                                        107,387.27                                       107,387.27


                    Total                                                                                                          2,848,137,688.95                                 2,095,113,581.75


             (2)   Disclosure of other receivables under the methods of provision for bad debts by
                   category


                                                                              As at December 31, 2025                                                                As at December 31, 2024

                                                      Book balance                  Provision for bad debts                                  Book balance                    Provision for bad debts

                                                                                                  Proportion                                                                                Proportion

                                                                 Proportion                      of provision                                          Proportion                          of provision

                    Category                          Amount            (%)           Amount              (%)        Book value             Amount             (%)             Amount              (%)         Book value

                    Provision for bad

                      debts accrued on

                      an individual basis

                    Provision for bad debts

                      on portfolio

                      basis of credit risk

                      characteristics         2,848,245,076.22       100.00        107,387.27                   2,848,137,688.95    2,095,220,969.02        100.00          107,387.27            0.01    2,095,113,581.75



                    Total                     2,848,245,076.22       100.00        107,387.27                   2,848,137,688.95    2,095,220,969.02        100.00          107,387.27                    2,095,113,581.75




                                                                                                                                                                                                                  171
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.6 Other receivables (Continued)
          5.6.2 Other receivables (Continued)
               (2)   Disclosure of other receivables under the methods of provision for bad debts by
                     category (Continued)
                     Provision for bad debts on portfolio basis of credit risk characteristics:

                     Item accrued on a portfolio basis:

                                                                   As at December 31, 2025
                                                                           Provision for        Proportion
                      Name                         Other receivables          bad debts    of provision (%)
                      Related-partie                1,939,299,925.83               107,387.27                  0.01
                      Third-parties                   908,945,150.39


                      Total                         2,848,245,076.22               107,387.27


               (3)   Provision for bad debts

                                                               Phase 1          Phase 2        Phase 3
                                                                        Expected credit Expected credit
                                                                         losses for the losses for the
                                                        Expected credit entire duration entire duration
                                                          losses in the       (no credit         (credit
                      Provision for bad debts           next 12 months     impairment)     impairment)          Total
                      Balance as at December 31, 2024                        107,387.27                    107,387.27
                      In 2025, balance as at
                         December 31, 2024
                      – Transfer to Phase 2
                      – Transfer to Phase 3
                      – Reversal from Phase 2
                      – Reversal from Phase 1
                      Provision in 2025
                      Reversal in 2025
                      Write-off in 2025
                      Charge-off in 2025
                      Other changes
                      Balance as at December 31, 2025                        107,387.27                    107,387.27




172
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025




                                                                         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                    (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.6 Other receivables (Continued)
        5.6.2 Other receivables (Continued)
             (4)   Provision, reversal or recovery of provision for bad debts in 2025

                                                 As at             Changes in the current period                    As at
                                          December 31,              Reversal or Write off or         Other   December 31,
                    Category                     2024    Provision     recovery      charge off    changes          2025
                    Accrued on
                      a portfolio basis     107,387.27                                                         107,387.27


                    Total                   107,387.27                                                         107,387.27


             (5)   Classification of other receivables by the nature of payment

                                                                            As at December           As at December
                    Nature                                                         31, 2025                 31, 2024
                    Various margin, deposit and loan
                      of reserve fund                                         29,301,478.42             26,484,314.30
                    Current loan                                              81,300,335.52            110,205,380.07
                    Settlement and clearing payments                       1,413,903,392.27          1,118,645,018.23
                    Factoring receivables                                  1,323,739,870.01            839,886,256.42


                    Total                                                  2,848,245,076.22          2,095,220,969.02


             (6)   Analysis of other receivables by debtor – top five by ending balance
                   The total amount of other receivables due from the top five debtors by ending balance
                   is RMB1,073,787,444.52, accounting for 37.70% of the total ending balance of other
                   receivables, and the corresponding ending balance of provision for bad debts is
                   RMB0.00.




                                                                                                                     173
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.7 Inventories
          Classification of inventories


                                                                   As at December 31, 2025                    As at December 31, 2024
                                                                         Provision for                              Provision for
                                                                        depreciation/                               depreciation/
                                                                           Impairment                                 Impairment
                                                                        of contractual                             of contractual
                                                                         performance                                performance
           Item                                          Book balance            costs   Book value Book balance            costs    Book value
           Merchandise inventories                       35,655,440.37                    35,655,440.37        44,299,211.12                      44,299,211.12
           Contract performance cost                     43,840,837.91                    43,840,837.91        37,387,581.50                      37,387,581.50


           Total                                         79,496,278.28                    79,496,278.28        81,686,792.62                      81,686,792.62


      5.8 Contract assets
          5.8.1 Contract assets


                                                                          As at December 31, 2025                            As at December 31, 2024
                                                                                Provision for                                       Provision for
                   Item                                        Book balance      impairment       Book value      Book balance       impairment      Book value
                   Airport digitalization service etc.         94,575,700.93   18,832,727.55   75,742,973.38      73,812,464.11   29,811,611.84    44,000,852.27


                   Total                                       94,575,700.93   18,832,727.55   75,742,973.38      73,812,464.11   29,811,611.84    44,000,852.27


          5.8.2 Amount from significant change in book value and reason therefor during the reporting
                period


                   Item                                           Changed amount               Reason for change
                   Airport digitalization                                20,763,236.82         Increase due to change in measurement
                     service etc.                                                                of progress in compliance


                   Total                                                 20,763,236.82




174
                                                                                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025




                                                                                                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                                                               (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.8 Contract assets (Continued)
        5.8.3 Classification disclosure of contract assets under method of provision for impairment

                                                                                           As at December 31, 2025                                                       As at December 31, 2024
                                                                        Book balance              Provision for bad debts                             Book balance                Provision for bad debts
                                                                                 Proportion                    Proportion of                                   Proportion                      Proportion of
              Category                                                Amount            (%)         Amount provision (%)         Book value         Amount             (%)          Amount provision (%)         Book value

              Provision for impairment accrued
                on an individual basis                            5,659,207.36          5.98    5,036,966.12         89.00       622,241.24    20,700,014.89         28.04     20,700,014.89        100.00
              Provision for impairment loss on portfolio
                basis of credit risk characteristics          88,916,493.57            94.02 13,795,761.43           15.52 75,120,732.14       53,112,449.22         71.96      9,111,596.95         17.16     44,000,852.27


              Total                                           94,575,700.93         100.00 18,832,727.55                       75,742,973.38   73,812,464.11      100.00       29,811,611.84                   44,000,852.27



             Provision for impairment accrued on an individual basis:

                                                                               Balance as at December 31, 2025                                                                Balance as at December 31, 2024
                                                       Contract       Provision for Proportion of                                                                                                 Provision for
              Name                                       assets        impairment provision (%) Reasons for accrual                                                          Contract assets       impairment
              Customer D                      5,036,966.12             5,036,966.12                 100.00         Calculated based on discounted                              20,702,514.89                20,702,514.89
                                                                                                                     cash flows of repayments from
                                                                                                                     HNA Group entities
              Customer E                         622,241.24                                                        Debt restructuring


              Total                           5,659,207.36             5,036,966.12                                                                                            20,702,514.89                20,702,514.89


             Provision for impairment loss on portfolio basis of credit risk characteristics:

             Item accrued on a portfolio basis:

                                                                                                                             Balance as at December 31, 2025
                                                                                                                            Contract   Provision for  Proportion of
              Name                                                                                                            assets     impairment    provision (%)
              Third-parties                                                                                    83,482,022.96                       13,795,761.43                                                16.53
              Related-parties                                                                                   5,434,470.61


              Total                                                                                            88,916,493.57                       13,795,761.43




                                                                                                                                                                                                                    175
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.8 Contract assets (Continued)
          5.8.4 Provision for impairment of contract assets in 2025

                                                  Balance as at                                    Write-off/              Balance as at
                                                  December 31,    Provision in   Reversal in    charge-off in              December 31,
                   Item                                   2024           2025          2025             2025 Other changes         2025
                   Provision for impairment
                     assessed on an individual basis 20,700,014.89     2,500.00 15,665,548.77                               5,036,966.12
                   Provision for impairment
                     assessed on a portfolio basis    9,111,596.95 4,711,710.81      6,594.83                   -20,951.50 13,795,761.43

                   Total                           29,811,611.84 4,714,210.81 15,672,143.60                     -20,951.50 18,832,727.55

      5.9 Non-current assets maturing within one year

                                                                                                      As at                  As at
                                                                                               December 31,           December 31,
           Item                                                                                       2025                   2024
           Time deposits and interest maturing within one year                             545,671,917.81

           Total                                                                           545,671,917.81

          Note: The Group holds RMB time deposit certificates with China Construction Bank, with an annual interest rate of
                3.1% and a term of 1,097 days, which are irrevocable before maturity.


      5.10 Other current assets

                                                                                                      As at                  As at
                                                                                               December 31,           December 31,
           Item                                                                                       2025                   2024
           Debt investments due within one year (Note 1)                                1,000,175,102.74
           Time deposits with original maturity within one
             year and accrued interest (Note 2)                                             50,179,277.79              50,357,638.88
           Input VAT to be deducted                                                        227,022,499.57             141,482,016.86
           Prepaid taxes                                                                     8,687,303.42              11,887,728.24

           Total                                                                        1,286,064,183.52              203,727,383.98

          Note 1: The debt investments represent the Group’s holdings in 7-day reverse repurchase agreements of
                  government bonds, with a principal amount of RMB1,000,000,000.00 and an annualized interest rate of
                  2.10%.


          Note 2: The Group holds one-year time deposit certificates with Bank of Communications, with a principal amount
                  of RMB50,000,000.00, an annual interest rate of 1.4%, and a term of 365 days.



176
                                                                                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025




                                                                                                                                          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                                                               (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.11 Long-term equity investments
        5.11.1 Long-term equity investments

                                                                                                                              Increase/decrease in 2025
                                                                                                                                                                      Cash
                                                                 Balance of                                   Gain/loss on                                      dividends                                           Balance of
                                                               provision for                                  investments        Adjustment        Change        or profits                                       provision for
                                                   As at     impairment as                                      recognized          to other      in other        declared                             As at    impairment as
                                            December 31,       at December      Increase in    Decrease in    under equity    comprehensive         equity            to be Provision for       December 31,      at December
              Investee                             2024            31, 2024    investments    investments          method            income        change      distributed impairment Others           2025           31, 2025

              1. Joint ventures
                 Heilongjiang TravelSky
                   Airport Network
                   Co., Ltd.                 26,353,430.47                                                     3,917,051.76                                   1,000,000.00                      29,270,482.23
                 Dalian TravelSky Airport
                   Network LLC               26,365,554.68                                                     3,105,883.13                                   5,000,000.00                      24,471,437.81
                 Hebei TravelSky Airport
                   Network Co., Ltd.         15,926,740.70                                                     1,979,634.11                                   1,000,000.00                      16,906,374.81
                 Xinjiang TravelSky
                   E-surfing Science and
                   Technology Co., Ltd.      31,548,971.16                                                     9,404,606.29                                   5,000,000.00                      35,953,577.45
                 Yunnan TravelSky Airport
                   Network Co., Ltd         117,000,426.96                                                    6,892,436.96                                    1,500,000.00                     122,392,863.92
              Sub-total                     217,195,123.97                                                   25,299,612.25                                   13,500,000.00                     228,994,736.22
              2 .Associates
                 Beijing TravelSky Birun
                   Technology Co., Ltd.      61,237,607.23                                                     7,103,292.24                                                                     68,340,899.47
                 TravelSky Mobile
                   Technology Co., Ltd.     252,754,446.41                                                   -11,454,302.79                                                                    241,300,143.62
                 Shanghai Civil Aviation
                   East China Cares
                   System Integration
                   Co., Ltd.                 94,315,008.91                                                     1,905,428.47       467,210.85                  2,050,000.00                      94,637,648.23
                 Shenyang Civil Aviation
                   Northeast Cares
                   Co., Ltd.                164,649,228.86                                                   14,757,618.66                                    2,861,200.00                     176,545,647.52
                 Chengdu Civil Aviation
                   Southwest Cares
                   Co., Ltd.                 94,656,368.59                                                   11,651,467.05                                    2,601,800.00                     103,706,035.64
                 Guangzhou Skyecho
                   Information
                   Technology Co., Ltd.       6,946,968.81                                                      655,609.85                                     600,000.00                        7,002,578.66
                 Yantai TravelSky Airport
                   Network Co., Ltd.          8,120,352.65                                                      757,527.03                                    1,440,000.00                       7,437,879.68
              Sub-total                     682,679,981.46                                                   25,376,640.51        467,210.85                  9,553,000.00                     698,970,832.82


              Total                         899,875,105.43                                                   50,676,252.76        467,210.85                 23,053,000.00                     927,965,569.04



             Note: In June 2025, the Company completed the transfer of its entire equity interest in Shanghai Tiantong
                   Business Travel Agency Co., Ltd. through the Beijing Equity Exchange, with equity transfer proceeds of
                   RMB121,003.02 and related transaction costs of RMB5,708.49.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                      177
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.12 Investments in other equity instruments
          Details of other equity instrument investments

                                                                                 Profit recognized Loss charged to                                                Accumulated       Accumulated
                                                                                           in other          other                                               profit in other losses in other
                                             As at                                 comprehensive comprehensive                        As at Dividend income comprehensive comprehensive             Reasons for designation as at
                                      December 31,      Additional   Reduction of income for the income for the                December 31, recognized during income at the end income at the end   fair value through other
           Item                              2024      investment     investment             period         period   Other            2025         the period     of the period     of the period   comprehensive income

           China Merchants          1,004,312,400.00                                48,001,200.00                            1,052,313,600.00                    177,313,600.00                     The Company does not intend
             RenHe Life Insurance                                                                                                                                                                     to hold the investment for
             Company Limited                                                                                                                                                                          trading purposes.


           Total                    1,004,312,400.00                                48,001,200.00                            1,052,313,600.00                    177,313,600.00



      5.13 Other non-current financial assets

                                                                                                                                                   As at                                            As at
                                                                                                                                            December 31,                                     December 31,
           Item                                                                                                                                    2025                                             2024
           Financial assets measured at fair value
             through the current profit or loss                                                                                     1,116,357,687.34                                   1,017,411,627.32
           Including: Equity instrument investments                                                                                 1,116,357,687.34                                   1,017,411,627.32


           Total                                                                                                                    1,116,357,687.34                                   1,017,411,627.32


          Note: Equity instrument investment is the equity of China Mobile Equity Fund (Hebei Xiongan) Partnership (Limited
                Partnership) held by the Company.




178
                                                                                          Annual Report 2025




                                                                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                    (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.14 Investment properties
        5.14.1 Investment properties measured at cost


                                                                Buildings,
              Item                                           constructions   Land use right            Total
              1. Original book value
                 (1) As at December 31, 2024                141,993,853.47    92,427,128.90   234,420,982.37
                 (2) Increase in 2025                       139,903,454.78     2,858,571.10   142,762,025.88
                     – Transfer from fixed assets           139,903,454.78                    139,903,454.78
                     – Others                                                  2,858,571.10     2,858,571.10
                 (3) Decrease in 2025                        10,422,577.13                     10,422,577.13
                     – Transfer to self-use                  10,422,577.13                     10,422,577.13
                 (4) As at December 31, 2025                271,474,731.12    95,285,700.00   366,760,431.12
              2. Accumulated depreciation
                 (1) As at December 31, 2024                113,036,635.67    36,413,282.78   149,449,918.45
                 (2) Increase in 2025                        45,379,995.36     5,145,427.90    50,525,423.26
                     – Provision or amortization              8,597,719.52     2,286,856.80    10,884,576.32
                     – Transfer from fixed assets            36,782,275.84                     36,782,275.84
                     – Others                                                  2,858,571.10     2,858,571.10
                 (3) Decrease in 2025                         3,033,709.01                      3,033,709.01
                     – Transfer to self-use                   3,033,709.01                      3,033,709.01
                 (4) As at December 31, 2025                155,382,922.02    41,558,710.68   196,941,632.70
              3. Provision for impairment
                 (1) As at December 31, 2024
                 (2) Increase in 2025
                 (3) Decrease in 2025
                 (4) As at December 31, 2025
              4. Book value
                 (1) As at December 31, 2025                116,091,809.10    53,726,989.32   169,818,798.42
                 (2) As at December 31, 2024                 28,957,217.80    56,013,846.12    84,971,063.92




                                                                                                        179
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.14 Investment properties (Continued)
          5.14.2 Investment properties with pending certificate of title
               None.

      5.15 Fixed assets
          5.15.1 Fixed assets and disposal of fixed assets


                                                                                  As at            As at
                                                                           December 31,     December 31,
                 Item                                                             2025             2024
                 Fixed assets                                         2,976,048,895.19    2,783,503,007.16
                 Disposal of fixed assets                                   427,913.87          661,525.36


                 Total                                                2,976,476,809.06    2,784,164,532.52




180
                                                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025




                                                                                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.15 Fixed assets (Continued)
        5.15.2 Breakdown of fixed assets

                                                                 Buildings and         Machinery                           Electronic
              Item                                               constructions         equipment     Motor vehicles        equipment     Office equipment           Others               Total

              1.     Original book value
                     (1) As at December 31, 2024               2,993,962,027.20     780,915,947.13    69,281,893.84   2,765,406,293.81   1,145,189,453.96     26,238,688.22   7,780,994,304.16
                     (2) Increase in 2025                         45,041,489.84     142,313,077.00     3,713,797.41     846,826,135.74    -437,840,143.63    -23,374,076.34     576,680,280.02
                           – Purchase                                               142,313,077.00     3,713,797.41     364,232,957.52      20,637,672.77        294,827.73     531,192,332.43
                           – Transferred from construction
                                in progress                      35,065,370.46                                                                                                  35,065,370.46
                           – Asset class adjustments               -446,457.75                                         482,593,178.22     -458,477,816.40    -23,668,904.07
                           – Transfer from investment
                                property to self-use             10,422,577.13                                                                                                   10,422,577.13
                     (3) Decrease in 2025                       140,213,395.78                         7,472,022.84     12,151,971.77        2,587,511.21      1,277,671.11     163,702,572.71
                           – Disposal or scrapping                  309,941.00                         7,460,036.61     12,755,780.84        2,897,704.66      1,258,169.49      24,681,632.60
                           – Effect of foreign exchange                                                   11,986.23       -603,809.07         -387,083.02         19,501.62        -959,404.24
                           – Transfer to investment property    139,903,454.78                                                                                                  139,903,454.78
                           – Transfer to intangible assets                                                                                      76,889.57                            76,889.57
                     (4) As at December 31, 2025               2,898,790,121.26     923,229,024.13    65,523,668.41   3,600,080,457.78     704,761,799.12      1,586,940.77   8,193,972,011.47
              2.     Accumulated depreciation
                     (1) As at December 31, 2024                858,741,077.06      713,410,488.52    58,956,680.77   2,257,521,515.80   1,071,763,930.39     23,885,430.92   4,984,279,123.46
                     (2) Increase in 2025                        98,079,923.98        4,841,718.24     2,444,835.17     622,080,865.97    -425,629,481.53    -21,540,371.48     280,277,490.35
                           – Provision                           95,158,992.06        4,841,718.24     2,444,835.17     159,416,022.12      15,268,197.44        114,016.31     277,243,781.34
                           – Asset class adjustments               -112,777.09                                          462,664,843.85    -440,897,678.97    -21,654,387.79
                           – Transfer from investment
                                property to self-use              3,033,709.01                                                                                                    3,033,709.01
                     (3) Decrease in 2025                        36,782,275.84                         7,541,239.99     11,788,647.55        2,500,603.37      1,232,904.32      59,845,671.07
                           – Disposal or scrapping                                                     7,539,242.29     12,373,139.17        2,814,146.43      1,217,194.50      23,943,722.39
                           – Effect of foreign exchange                                                    1,997.70       -584,491.62         -388,125.91         15,709.82        -954,910.01
                           – Transfer to investment property     36,782,275.84                                                                                                   36,782,275.84
                           – Transfer to intangible assets                                                                                      74,582.85                            74,582.85
                     (4) As at December 31, 2025                920,038,725.20      718,252,206.76    53,860,275.95   2,867,813,734.22     643,633,845.49      1,112,155.12   5,204,710,942.74
              3.     Provision for impairment
                     (1) As at December 31, 2024                                      6,322,675.59                        6,889,497.95                                          13,212,173.54
                     (2) Increase in 2025
                     (3) Decrease in 2025
                     (4) As at December 31, 2025                                      6,322,675.59                        6,889,497.95                                          13,212,173.54
              4.     Book value
                     (1) As at December 31, 2025               1,978,751,396.06     198,654,141.78    11,663,392.46    725,377,225.61       61,127,953.63        474,785.65   2,976,048,895.19
                     (2) As at December 31, 2024               2,135,220,950.14      61,182,783.02    10,325,213.07    500,995,280.06       73,425,523.57      2,353,257.30   2,783,503,007.16



        5.15.3 Temporarily idle fixed assets
             None.




                                                                                                                                                                                      181
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.15 Fixed assets (Continued)
          5.15.4 Details of fixed assets leased under operating lease


                                                            Buildings and
                 Item                                       constructions    Office equipment        Others              Total
                 1. Original book value
                    (1) As at December 31, 2024             143,891,572.86       5,319,202.87   2,198,230.10    151,409,005.83
                    (2) Increase in 2025
                    (3) Decrease in 2025                    137,900,654.78                                      137,900,654.78
                        – Transfer to investment property   137,900,654.78                                      137,900,654.78
                    (4) As at December 31, 2025               5,990,918.08       5,319,202.87   2,198,230.10     13,508,351.05
                 2. Accumulated depreciation
                    (1) As at December 31, 2024              39,793,121.10       4,991,414.42    221,919.24      45,006,454.76
                    (2) Increase in 2025                        299,545.92         168,212.37    505,643.76         973,402.05
                        – Provision                             299,545.92         168,212.37    505,643.76         973,402.05
                    (3) Decrease in 2025                     34,779,475.84                                       34,779,475.84
                        – Transfer to investment property    34,779,475.84                                       34,779,475.84
                    (4) As at December 31, 2025               5,313,191.18       5,159,626.79    727,563.00      11,200,380.97
                 3. Provision for impairment
                    (1) As at December 31, 2024
                    (2) Increase in 2025
                    (3) Decrease in 2025
                    (4) As at December 31, 2025
                 4. Book value
                    (1) As at December 31, 2025                 677,726.90         159,576.08   1,470,667.10      2,307,970.08
                    (2) As at December 31, 2024             104,098,451.76         327,788.45   1,976,310.86    106,402.551.07


          5.15.5 Disposal of fixed assets


                                                                                     As at                       As at
                                                                              December 31,                December 31,
                 Item                                                                2025                        2024
                 Scrapping of fixed assets to be approved                          427,913.87                  661,525.36


                 Total                                                             427,913.87                  661,525.36




182
                                                                                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025




                                                                                                                                       NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                                                              (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.16 Construction in progress
        5.16.1 Construction in progress and project materials

                                                             As at December 31, 2025                                                                      As at December 31, 2024
                                                                    Provision for                                                                                Provision for
              Item                                Book balance       impairment      Book value                                                Book balance       impairment      Book value
              Construction in
                progress                         18,203,856.24                                                   18,203,856.24                 37,609,010.67                                                    37,609,010.67
              Project materials


              Total                              18,203,856.24                                                   18,203,856.24                 37,609,010.67                                                    37,609,010.67


        5.16.2 Breakdown of construction in progress

                                                             As at December 31, 2025                                                                      As at December 31, 2024
                                                                    Provision for                                                                                Provision for
              Item                                Book balance       impairment      Book value                                                Book balance       impairment      Book value
              China Aviation
                Information
                Technology
                Industrial Park
                Construction
                Project (Phase II)               18,203,856.24                                                   18,203,856.24                 13,444,602.60                                                    13,444,602.60
              Yuzhuang Second
                Road Electricity
                Project                                                                                                                        24,164,408.07                                                    24,164,408.07


              Total                              18,203,856.24                                                   18,203,856.24                 37,609,010.67                                                    37,609,010.67


        5.16.3 Changes in major items of construction in progress in 2025

                                                                                                                                               Proportion                                     Of which:
                                                                                                                                           of the project’s                                 the amount
                                                                                                  Transfer                                     cumulative                  Cumulative        of interest
                                                                      As at                       into fixed       Other           As at       investment                   amount of        capitalized   Current interest
                                                              December 31,        Increase        assets in    decreases   December 31,      in the budget     Project        interest    in the current     capitalization   Sources
              Items                                 Budget            2024          in 2025           2025       in 2025           2025                (%)    progress   capitalization          period            rate (%)   of funds

              China Aviation Information     938,492,800.00   13,444,602.60    4,759,253.64                                18,203,856.24              1.95      1.95&                                                         Own capital
                Technology Industrial Park
                Construction Project
                (Phase II)
              Yuzhuang Second Road            44,290,000.00   24,164,408.07   10,900,962.39   35,065,370.46                                          79.17       100%                                                         Own capital
                Electricity Project


              Total                                           37,609,010.67   15,660,216.03   35,065,370.46                18,203,856.24




                                                                                                                                                                                                                               183
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.17 Right-of-use assets

                                                          Buildings and
           Items                                          constructions      Others             Total
           1. Original book value
              (1) As at December 31, 2024                 176,687,521.17   35,616.04   176,723,137.21
              (2) Increase in 2025                        379,362,717.28   63,028.73   379,425,746.01
                  – New lease                             379,241,670.17   63,028.73   379,304,698.90
                  – Re-evaluation adjustment                  121,047.11                   121,047.11
              (3) Decrease in 2025                        119,191,437.70               119,191,437.70
                  – Expiration of lease                   113,053,585.52               113,053,585.52
                  – Effect of foreign exchange             -1,979,876.17                -1,979,876.17
                  – Re-evaluation adjustment                1,437,248.32                 1,437,248.32
                  – Disposal                                9,050,943.01                 9,050,943.01
                  – Others                                 -2,370,462.98                -2,370,462.98
              (4) As at December 31, 2025                 436,858,800.75   98,644.77   436,957,445.52
           2. Accumulated depreciation
              (1) As at December 31, 2024                 130,645,496.41    4,452.03   130,649,948.44
              (2) Increase in 2025                        122,060,035.20   32,881.68   122,092,916.88
                  – Provision                             122,047,613.48   32,881.68   122,080,495.16
                  – Others                                     12,421.72                    12,421.72
              (3) Decrease in 2025                        105,074,785.10               105,074,785.10
                  – Expiration of lease                   101,491,229.71               101,491,229.71
                  – Effect of foreign exchange             -1,834,910.37                -1,834,910.37
                  – Disposal                                7,788,928.74                 7,788,928.74
                  – Others                                 -2,370,462.98                -2,370,462.98
              (4) As at December 31, 2025                 147,630,746.51   37,333.71   147,668,080.22
           3. Provision for impairment
              (1) As at December 31, 2024                   2,183,341.71                 2,183,341.71
              (2) Increase in 2025
              (3) Decrease in 2025                           -205,925.82                  -205,925.82
                  – Effect of foreign exchange               -205,925.82                  -205,925.82
              (4) As at December 31, 2025                   2,389,267.53                 2,389,267.53
           4. Book value
              (1) As at December 31, 2025                 286,838,786.71   61,311.06   286,900,097.77
              (2) As at December 31, 2024                  43,858,683.05   31,164.01    43,889,847.06




184
                                                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025




                                                                                                                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                                                    (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.18 Intangible assets
        5.18.1 Breakdown of intangible assets

                                                                                      Non-patented                                   Data resources
              Item                                Land use rights        Patents        technology            Software    Purchase    Self-developed        Other              Total
              1.     Original book value
                     (1) As at December 31,
                           2024                   2,074,172,872.81   2,916,122.26      86,419,716.32   3,247,380,857.70                38,550,618.09                5,449,440,187.18
                     (2) Increase in 2025             2,858,571.10   3,233,566.86     -86,419,716.32     251,042,667.34                                               170,715,088.98
                           – Purchase                                3,233,566.86                        134,726,389.71                                               137,959,956.57
                           – Internal R&D                                                                 29,819,671.74                                                29,819,671.74
                           – Reclassification
                                 adjustment                                           -86,419,716.32     86,419,716.32
                           – Others                   2,858,571.10                                           76,889.57                                                  2,935,460.67
                     (3) Decrease in 2025                              94,587.43                            415,177.61                                                    509,765.04
                           – Disposal                                                                     8,281,436.86                                                  8,281,436.86
                           – Portion that
                                expired and was
                                derecognized                                                                124,303.71                                                   124,303.71
                           – Effect of foreign
                                exchange                               94,587.43                          -7,990,562.96                                                -7,895,975.53
                     (4) As at December 31,
                           2025                   2,077,031,443.91   6,055,101.69                      3,498,008,347.43                38,550,618.09                5,619,645,511.12
              2.     Accumulated depreciation
                     (1) As at December 31,
                           2024                    766,333,901.29     531,112.71       61,212,918.31   2,604,621,845.33                11,899,836.96                3,444,599,614.60
                     (2) Increase in 2025           54,503,412.44     345,505.03      -61,212,918.31     483,137,636.19                 2,021,219.64                  478,794,854.99
                           – Provision              51,644,841.34     345,505.03                         421,850,135.03                 2,021,219.64                  475,861,701.04
                           – Reclassification
                                 adjustment                                           -61,212,918.31     61,212,918.31
                           – Others                   2,858,571.10                                           74,582.85                                                  2,933,153.95
                     (3) Decrease in 2025                 9,147.22       1,576.46                         3,589,346.55                                                  3,600,070.23
                           – Disposal                                                                     8,281,436.82                                                  8,281,436.82
                           – Portion that
                                expired and was
                                derecognized                                                                124,303.71                                                   124,303.71
                           – Effect of foreign
                                exchange                                 1,576.46                         -4,816,393.98                                                -4,814,817.52
                           – Others                       9,147.22                                                                                                          9,147.22
                     (4) As at December 31,
                           2025                    820,828,166.51     875,041.28                       3,084,170,134.97                13,921,056.60                3,919,794,399.36
              3.     Provision for impairment
                     (1) As at December 31,
                           2024
                     (2) Increase in 2025
                     (3) Decrease in 2025
                     (4) As at December 31,
                           2025
              4.     Book value
                     (1) As at December 31,
                           2025                   1,256,203,277.40   5,180,060.41                       413,838,212.46                 24,629,561.49                1,699,851,111.76
                     (2) As at December 31,
                           2024                   1,307,838,971.52   2,385,009.55     25,206,798.01     642,759,012.37                 26,650,781.13                2,004,840,572.58



             Intangible assets formed through in-house research and development accounted for 24.45%
             of the intangible asset balance at the end of the period.



                                                                                                                                                                            185
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.18 Intangible assets (Continued)
          5.18.2 Status of intangible assets of data resources
                   5.18.2.1 Intangible assets of data resources with indefinite useful lives
                            None.

                   5.18.2.2 Intangible assets of a single data resource with a significant impact
                            None.

      5.19 Goodwill
          Changes in goodwill


                                                                Increase in 2025              Decrease in 2025
                                                    As at Formed from                                                         As at
           Name of the investee or           December 31, the business                                                 December 31,
           matters forming goodwill                 2024 combination           Others       Disposal        Others            2025
           Original book value
           Guangzhou Skyecho Information
             Technology Limited                  260,400.76                                                               260,400.76
           OpenJaw Technologies Limited      152,334,357.62                                                           152,334,357.62
           Sub-total                         152,594,758.38                                                           152,594,758.38

           Provision for impairment
           OpenJaw Technologies Limited      152,334,357.62                                                           152,334,357.62
           Sub-total                         152,334,357.62                                                           152,334,357.62


           Book value                           260,400.76                                                               260,400.76


      5.20 Long-term deferred expenses

                                                                                                              Other
                                                                                                         decreases
                                                           As at                                          – Foreign           As at
                                                    December 31,         Increase    Amortization          currency    December 31,
           Item                                            2024            in 2025       in 2025        translation           2025
           Various types of renovation and
             transformation works                    25,919,254.65   19,980,690.59   17,517,872.51       10,987.17     28,371,085.56


           Total                                     25,919,254.65   19,980,690.59   17,517,872.51       10,987.17     28,371,085.56




186
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025




                                                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                          (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.21 Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities
        5.21.1 Deferred tax assets before offset

                                                            As at December 31, 2025                   As at December 31, 2024
                                                            Deductible                                Deductible
                                                            temporary             Deferred             temporary             Deferred
               Item                                        differences           tax assets           differences           tax assets
               Provision for impairment of assets     1,056,793,690.79        159,511,181.02     1,097,918,213.44        165,512,983.67
               Amortization of intangible assets      1,197,106,412.09        179,569,341.00     1,077,797,544.25        161,672,029.63
               Fixed assets depreciation                    108,105.82             17,837.46           261,159.70             43,091.35
               Employee compensation payable
                 accrued more than actually paid        306,930,358.20         46,039,553.73       265,313,933.33         39,797,090.00
               Accrued expenses                       1,362,873,468.00        204,431,020.20     1,097,663,698.07        164,649,554.71
               Temporary differences due to
                 lease liabilities                     301,213,448.12          46,420,795.32       48,689,720.11           7,555,210.15
               Contract liabilities                    414,089,657.87          62,113,448.68      395,059,221.20          59,258,883.18
               Offset                                 -284,323,813.24         -43,796,370.11      -41,559,144.02          -6,457,805.25


               Total                                  4,354,791,327.65        654,306,807.30     3,941,144,346.08        592,031,037.44

        5.21.2 Deferred tax liabilities before offset

                                                            As at December 31, 2025                   As at December 31, 2024
                                                               Taxable                                    Taxable
                                                            temporary               Deferred           temporary             Deferred
               Item                                        differences         tax liabilities        differences        tax liabilities
               Changes in fair value of financial
                 instruments held for trading and
                 other non-current financial assets    312,798,865.60          46,919,829.84      185,623,751.80          27,843,562.77
               Changes in fair value of investments
                 in other equity instruments           177,313,600.00          26,597,040.00      129,312,400.00          19,396,860.00
               Temporary difference arising from
                 accelerated depreciation
                 of fixed assets                        23,999,206.82           3,632,231.70       31,491,505.08           4,746,894.03
               Temporary difference arising from
                 asset revaluation increment            25,002,395.20           6,242,394.29       27,669,767.17           6,642,500.08
               Temporary differences due to
                 right-of-use assets                   286,257,632.64          44,119,371.04       42,961,890.06           6,659,915.78
               Amortization of intangible assets        53,470,091.12           6,978,524.58       42,127,664.56           5,265,958.07
               Offset                                 -284,323,813.24         -43,796,370.11      -41,559,144.02          -6,457,805.25


               Total                                   594,517,978.14          90,693,021.34      417,627,834.65          64,097,885.48



                                                                                                                                   187
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.21 Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities (Continued)
          5.21.3 Details of unrecognized deferred tax assets


                                                                                 As at              As at
                                                                          December 31,       December 31,
                 Item                                                            2025               2024
                 Deductible temporary differences                         13,088,028.33        2,319,093.05
                 Deductible losses                                        20,937,163.30       15,725,758.74


                 Total                                                    34,025,191.63       18,044,851.79


          5.21.4 Deductible losses from unrecognized deferred tax assets will be expired in the following
                 years


                                                                 As at              As at
                                                          December 31,       December 31,
                 Year                                            2025               2024     Remark
                 2026                                        265,207.86         265,207.86
                 2027                                      2,194,158.89       2,194,158.89
                 2028                                      1,272,212.30       1,636,588.00
                 2029                                      3,144,399.65       3,144,399.65
                 2030                                      8,061,387.24       2,485,606.98
                 2033                                      5,999,797.36       5,999,797.36


                 Total                                    20,937,163.30      15,725,758.74




188
                                                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025




                                                                                                                          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                                                      (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.22 Other non-current assets

                                                                  As at December 31, 2025                                                    As at December 31, 2024
                                                               Book      Provision for                                                              Provision for
         Item                                               balance       impairment      Book value                              Book balance       impairment      Book value
         Time deposits and
           interest over one year                   144,301,861.08                                    144,301,861.08            651,357,806.69                                   651,357,806.69


         Total                                      144,301,861.08                                    144,301,861.08            651,357,806.69                                   651,357,806.69

        Note: For time certificates of deposit held by Ping An Bank, Bank of Communications and China Minsheng Banking
              Corporation for a period of more than one year, of which RMB20,000,000.00 of Ping An Bank, with an interest
              rate of 2.60% per annum, a maturity period of 1,097 days; RMB60,000,000.00 of Bank of Communications, with
              an interest rate of 2.15%-2.40% per annum, and a maturity period of 1,096 days; and China Minsheng Banking
              Corporation, RMB60,000,000.00, certificates of deposit with interest rates ranging from 1.75%-2.40% per
              annum and a term of 1,096-1,097 days.


    5.23 Assets with restricted ownership or use

                                                               As at December 31, 2025                                                             As at December 31, 2024
                                                                            Type of                                                                             Type of
         Item                    Carrying amount            Book value restriction     Restrictions                      Carrying amount         Book value restriction    Restrictions

         Cash and cash           1,569,614,257.59      1,569,614,257.59      Other      Payment business reserve         1,490,398,550.10   1,490,398,550.10      Other     Payment business reserve
           equivalents                                                                    deposits, time deposits                                                             deposits, time deposits
                                                                                          or call deposits used as                                                            or call deposits used as
                                                                                          collateral, performance                                                             collateral, performance
                                                                                          bonds, property preservation                                                        bonds, property
                                                                                          deposits, channel guarantee                                                         preservation deposits,
                                                                                          deposits paid, etc.                                                                 channel guarantee
                                                                                                                                                                              deposits paid, etc.
         Non-current assets       545,671,917.81        545,671,917.81       Other      Locked-up funds and
           due within one year                                                            accrued interest
         Other non-current                                                                                                530,171,917.81     530,171,917.81       Other     Locked-up funds and accrued
           assets                                                                                                                                                             interest


         Total                   2,115,286,175.40      2,115,286,175.40                                                  2,020,570,467.91   2,020,570,467.91



    5.24 Short-term borrowings
        5.24.1 Classification of short-term borrowings

                                                                                                                                          As at                                  As at
                                                                                                                                   December 31,                           December 31,
                    Item                                                                                                                  2025                                   2024
                    Credit borrowings                                                                                       1,288,402,134.97                         1,203,300,592.42


                    Total                                                                                                   1,288,402,134.97                         1,203,300,592.42




                                                                                                                                                                                                 189
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.24 Short-term borrowings (Continued)
          5.24.2 Detailed information of borrowings


                                                                              Principal amount
                 Lender                                                                  (RMB)                Date           Interest rate (annual %)
                                                                                                 Start           End
                 Shanghai Bank Co., Ltd. Beijing Branch                         130,000,000.00   2025-12-30     2026-3-30    2.85
                 China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. Tianjin Branch                   44,956,571.05   2025-5-20      2026-5-19    1-year LPR minus 0.75
                 China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. Tianjin Branch                   40,271,885.60   2025-6-10      2026-6-9     1-year LPR minus 0.75
                 China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. Tianjin Branch                   49,333,976.47   2025-6-17      2026-6-16    1-year LPR minus 0.75
                 China CITIC Bank Co., Ltd. Beijing Branch                      101,000,000.00   2025-12-17     2026-12-11   1-year LPR minus 0.79
                 China CITIC Bank Co., Ltd. Beijing Branch                       30,436,108.87   2025-12-18     2026-12-3    1-year LPR minus 0.80
                 China CITIC Bank Co., Ltd. Beijing Branch                       85,000,000.00   2025-11-20     2026-6-12    1-year LPR minus 0.79
                 China CITIC Bank Co., Ltd. Beijing Branch                       55,739,825.95   2025-12-23     2026-12-3    1-year LPR minus 0.80
                 China CITIC Bank Co., Ltd. Beijing Branch                       21,108,097.57   2025-12-24     2026-12-3    1-year LPR minus 0.80
                 Beijing Rural Commercial Bank Co., Ltd. Fengtai Sub-branch      91,000,000.00   2025-11-25     2026-11-25   1-year LPR minus 0.88
                 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. Beijing Branch               70,915,571.67   2025-9-23      2026-9-23    1-year LPR minus 0.85
                 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. Beijing Branch               35,816,951.33   2025-9-24      2026-9-24    1-year LPR minus 0.85
                 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. Beijing Branch               32,506,901.75   2025-9-25      2026-9-25    1-year LPR minus 0.85
                 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. Beijing Branch               74,564,217.65   2025-9-16      2026-9-16    1-year LPR minus 0.85
                 Bank of Communications Co., Ltd. Beijing Shunyi Sub-branch      50,000,000.00   2025-11-18     2026-5-15    1-year LPR minus 0.86
                 Bank of Communications Co., Ltd. Beijing Shunyi Sub-branch      25,000,000.00   2025-11-19     2026-5-15    1-year LPR minus 0.86
                 Bank of Communications Co., Ltd. Beijing Shunyi Sub-branch      27,000,000.00   2025-11-20     2026-5-15    1-year LPR minus 0.86
                 Bank of Communications Co., Ltd. Beijing Shunyi Sub-branch      26,000,000.00   2025-11-21     2026-5-15    1-year LPR minus 0.86
                 Bank of Communications Co., Ltd. Beijing Shunyi Sub-branch      45,000,000.00   2025-11-25     2026-5-22    1-year LPR minus 0.86
                 Bank of Communications Co., Ltd. Beijing Shunyi Sub-branch      21,000,000.00   2025-12-10     2026-6-9     1-year LPR minus 0.86
                 Bank of Communications Co., Ltd. Beijing Shunyi Sub-branch      22,000,000.00   2025-12-11     2026-6-9     1-year LPR minus 0.86
                 Bank of Communications Co., Ltd. Beijing Shunyi Sub-branch      38,000,000.00   2025-12-16     2026-6-15    1-year LPR minus 0.86
                 Bank of Communications Co., Ltd. Beijing Shunyi Sub-branch      21,000,000.00   2025-12-17     2026-6-15    1-year LPR minus 0.86
                 Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Co., Ltd. Tianjin Branch       28,423,145.58   2025-6-25      2026-6-24    1-year LPR minus 0.80
                 Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Co., Ltd. Tianjin Branch        6,576,854.42   2025-6-26      2026-6-24    1-year LPR minus 0.80
                 Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Co., Ltd. Tianjin Branch       62,331,989.61   2025-7-22      2026-7-21    1-year LPR minus 0.80
                 Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Co., Ltd. Tianjin Branch        2,668,010.39   2025-7-23      2026-7-21    1-year LPR minus 0.80
                 Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Co., Ltd. Tianjin Branch       46,833,161.79   2025-12-30     2026-6-24    1-year LPR minus 0.86
                 Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Co., Ltd. Tianjin Branch        3,166,838.21   2025-12-31     2026-6-24    1-year LPR minus 0.86


                 Total                                                        1,287,650,107.91




190
                                                                                      Annual Report 2025




                                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.25 Accounts payable
        5.25.1 Presentation of accounts payable (based on invoice dates)


                                                                              As at              As at
                                                                       December 31,       December 31,
              Item                                                            2025               2024
              Within 1 year (including 1 year)                     1,644,717,971.22    1,549,348,182.83
              1 – 2 years (including 2 years)                        405,438,253.06      340,985,846.69
              2 – 3 years (including 3 years)                        224,126,066.13      186,806,682.64
              Over 3 years                                           169,339,630.99      110,259,454.78


              Total                                                2,443,621,921.40    2,187,400,166.94


        5.25.2 Significant account payables with aging over one year


                                                                    As at
                                                             December 31,    Reason for no payment or
              Item                                                  2025     carry-forward
              Supplier 1                                     72,780,021.43   Business is conducted on
                                                                               a continuous rolling basis
              Supplier 2                                     34,381,912.12   Business is conducted on
                                                                               a continuous rolling basis


              Total                                         107,161,933.55




                                                                                                     191
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.26 Contract liabilities
          5.26.1 Details of contract liabilities


                                                                                   As at              As at
                                                                            December 31,       December 31,
           Item                                                                    2025               2024
           Contracts for airport digital services, etc.                   1,050,430,852.10    645,608,277.80


           Total                                                          1,050,430,852.10    645,608,277.80


          5.26.2 Significant contractual liabilities aged over one year


                                                                          As at      Reasons for non-
                                                                   December 31,      reimbursement or
                   Item                                                   2025       carry-over
                   Air China Limited                               94,468,008.86     Performance obligations
                                                                                       not yet completed
                   China Southern Airlines Company Limited         89,489,116.89     Performance obligations
                                                                                       not yet completed
                   Shanghai Airlines Co., Ltd.                     76,911,038.54     Performance obligations
                                                                                       not yet completed
                   Sichuan Airlines Co., Ltd.                      24,412,881.81     Performance obligations
                                                                                       not yet completed
                   China United Airlines Co., Ltd.                 19,920,209.98     Performance obligations
                                                                                       not yet completed


                   Total                                          305,201,256.08


          5.26.3 Amount from significant change in book value and reason therefor during the reporting
                 period


                                                                          Changed
                   Item                                                    amount    Reason for change
                   Contracts for airport digital services, etc.   404,822,574.30     Expansion of
                                                                                       business scale


                   Total                                          404,822,574.30




192
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025




                                                                          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                    (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.27 Employee compensation payable
        5.27.1 Presentation of employee benefits payable

                                                        As at                                                   As at
                                                 December 31,                                            December 31,
              Item                                      2024      Increase in 2025 Decrease in 2025             2025
              Short-term compensation            265,015,401.34   2,363,160,132.38   2,330,338,510.77   297,837,022.95
              Post-employment benefits
                – defined contribution plans      19,246,293.77    344,485,426.72     348,306,281.85     15,425,438.64
              Dismissal benefits                      68,614.85      1,709,540.58       1,340,998.32        437,157.11
              Other benefits due within
                one year
              Others                               6,237,914.25     14,163,525.12      13,962,228.17      6,439,211.20

              Total                              290,568,224.21   2,723,518,624.80   2,693,948,019.11   320,138,829.90

        5.27.2 Presentation of short-term compensation

                                                        As at                                                   As at
                                                 December 31,                                            December 31,
              Item                                      2024      Increase in 2025 Decrease in 2025             2025
              (1) Salaries, bonuses,
                    allowances and subsidies     162,152,695.83   1,804,390,214.28   1,776,257,316.96   190,285,593.15
              (2) Employee welfare                                  149,895,763.06     149,895,763.06
              (3) Social insurance premiums        2,044,338.32     137,368,211.75     137,249,063.95     2,163,486.12
                  Including: medical insurance
                               premium              931,816.23     122,915,494.85     122,811,247.39      1,036,063.69
                             Work-related
                                injury
                                insurance
                                premium             133,450.22        4,269,241.65       4,271,487.60      131,204.27
                             Maternity
                                insurance
                                premium              979,071.87     10,183,475.25      10,166,328.96       996,218.16
              (4) Housing provident funds          3,197,151.68    170,876,198.02     173,322,625.02       750,724.68
              (5) Labor union expenditures and
                    employee education funds      97,621,215.51     57,689,926.98      50,792,637.16    104,518,505.33
              (6) Short-term compensated
                    absences
              (7) Short-term profit sharing
                    plan
              (8) Other short-term employee
                    compensation                                    42,939,818.29      42,821,104.62       118,713.67

              Total                              265,015,401.34   2,363,160,132.38   2,330,338,510.77   297,837,022.95




                                                                                                                  193
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.27 Employee compensation payable (Continued)
          5.27.3 Presentation of defined contribution plans


                                                              As at                                                As at
                                                       December 31,       Increase in     Decrease in       December 31,
                   Item                                       2024              2025            2025               2025
                   Basic endowment insurance premium    2,649,289.10   236,561,775.12   236,170,157.44       3,040,906.78
                   Unemployment insurance premium         -71,944.07     7,676,540.09     7,669,353.73         -64,757.71
                   Enterprise annuity payment          16,668,948.74   100,247,111.51   104,466,770.68      12,449,289.57


                   Total                               19,246,293.77   344,485,426.72   348,306,281.85      15,425,438.64


      5.28 Taxes payable

                                                                                       As at                    As at
                                                                                December 31,             December 31,
           Taxes and surcharges                                                        2025                     2024
           Value-added tax                                                      18,733,042.41             14,422,227.08
           consumption tax                                                          18,237.56                  2,564.51
           Corporate income tax                                                129,353,221.47             79,039,645.93
           Individual income tax                                                91,055,921.12             76,287,256.56
           Urban maintenance and construction tax                                3,575,879.06              4,281,711.44
           House property tax                                                    1,439,342.22              1,293,318.52
           Educational surcharge                                                 2,544,951.95              3,311,236.99
           Resource tax                                                             14,474.20
           Land use tax                                                            142,770.48                142,770.48
           Others                                                                2,367,070.39              2,585,962.06


           Total                                                               249,244,910.86            181,366,693.57




194
                                                                                      Annual Report 2025




                                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.29 Other payables

                                                                             As at              As at
                                                                      December 31,       December 31,
         Item                                                                2025               2024
         Interest payable
         Dividends payable                                            27,150,969.34       22,784,396.34
         Other payables                                            2,253,531,833.20    1,929,204,076.46


         Total                                                     2,280,682,802.54    1,951,988,472.80


        5.29.1 Dividends payable


                                                                             As at              As at
                                                                      December 31,       December 31,
                 Item                                                        2025               2024
                 Ordinary share dividends                             27,150,969.34       22,784,396.34


                 Total                                                27,150,969.34       22,784,396.34


        5.29.2 Other payables
             Presentation in terms of nature

                                                                             As at              As at
                                                                      December 31,       December 31,
                 Item                                                        2025               2024
                 E-commerce payment business                       1,519,907,130.86    1,436,508,716.22
                 Settlement and clearing business payment            516,939,204.96      379,994,602.76
                 Current amounts                                     165,434,152.62       69,874,257.81
                 Social insurance and provident funds                 16,861,399.93        5,848,626.10
                 Guaranteed deposits and deposits, etc.               34,389,944.83       36,977,873.57


                 Total                                             2,253,531,833.20    1,929,204,076.46




                                                                                                   195
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.30 Non-current liabilities maturing within one year

                                                                                            As at                   As at
                                                                                     December 31,            December 31,
           Item                                                                             2025                    2024
           Long-term borrowings maturing within one year                                306,280.00          200,213,888.89
           Lease liabilities maturing within one year                               136,918,637.67           41,364,102.61


           Total                                                                    137,224,917.67          241,577,991.50


      5.31 Other current liabilities

                                                                                            As at                   As at
                                                                                     December 31,            December 31,
           Item                                                                             2025                    2024
           Output tax to be carried forward                                          65,291,971.02           22,905,296.79


           Total                                                                     65,291,971.02           22,905,296.79


      5.32 Long-term borrowings

                                                                                            As at                   As at
                                                                                     December 31,            December 31,
           Item                                                                             2025                    2024
           Credit borrowings                                                        471,200,000.00


           Total                                                                    471,200,000.00


          Note: The loan represents a credit loan obtained by the Company from its parent company in the form of entrusted
                loans, in accordance with the requirements of relevant documents, based on national project funds received
                by the parent company. The principal amount of the loan is RMB471,200,000.00, with a loan term from May 8,
                2025 to May 8, 2028, an annual interest rate of 2.60%, interest payable quarterly, and principal repayable in a
                lump sum at maturity.




196
                                                                                      Annual Report 2025




                                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.33 Lease liabilities

                                                                             As at               As at
                                                                      December 31,        December 31,
         Item                                                                2025                2024
         Lease payments                                              168,558,151.84       10,006,413.39
         Less: Financing charges unrecognized                          3,592,512.01        1,752,839.21


         Total                                                       164,965,639.83        8,253,574.18


    5.34 Long-term payables

                                                                             As at               As at
                                                                      December 31,        December 31,
         Item                                                                2025                2024
         Long-term payables
         Special payables                                                395,709.35         400,237.65


         Total                                                           395,709.35         400,237.65


        Special payables


                                                       As at                                 As at
                                                December 31,     Increase     Decrease December 31,
         Item                                          2024        in 2025      in 2025       2025
         Item 1                                    395,709.35                               395,709.35
         Item 2                                      4,528.30                  4,528.30


         Total                                     400,237.65                  4,528.30     395,709.35




                                                                                                   197
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.35 Provisions

                                                                As at                                         As at
                                                         December 31,      Increase in     Decrease in December 31,
           Item                                                 2024             2025            2025         2025
           Restoration cost of leased premises                            1,156,424.55                     1,156,424.55
           Product quality warranty                                         526,023.68                       526,023.68
           Payment business risk reserve (Note)              20,000.00                                        20,000.00


           Total                                             20,000.00    1,682,448.23                     1,702,448.23


          Note: Beijing AsiaTech Payment Technology Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Group, accrues payment business risk
                reserves according to its internally issued Yakefa [2020] No. 21 “Payment Business Risk Reserve Management
                Measures”. According to the management measures, The company withdraws a risk reserve of RMB5,000.00
                every six months, with a maximum limit of RMB20,000.00. The management measures were promulgated in
                July 2020 and will be implemented from the date of promulgation.


      5.36 Deferred income

                                                                As at                                         As at
                                                         December 31,      Increase in     Decrease in December 31,
           Item                                                 2024             2025            2025         2025
           Government grants related to assets
           Government grants Related to Income              172,500.00    1,200,000.00                     1,372,500.00


           Total                                            172,500.00    1,200,000.00                     1,372,500.00


      5.37 Share capital

                                              Changes in 2025 (“+” for increase and “-” for decrease)
                                     As at       New                Conversion                                   As at
                              December 31,     shares      Share of reserves                              December 31,
           Item                      2024      issued donation into share          Others Sub-total              2025
           Total shares    2,926,209,589.00                                                             2,926,209,589.00




198
                                                                                      Annual Report 2025




                                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.38 Capital reserves

                                                    As at                                           As at
                                             December 31,      Increase in   Decrease in     December 31,
         Item                                       2024             2025          2025             2025
         Capital (share capital) premium    840,950,466.11                                  840,950,466.11
         Other capital reserves             426,517,644.37                                  426,517,644.37


         Total                             1,267,468,110.48                                1,267,468,110.48




                                                                                                       199
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.39 Other comprehensive income

                                                                                                                                  2025
                                                                                            Less: amount                                                           Less: amount
                                                                                               previously                                                             previously
                                                                                           included in the                                                        included in the
                                                                                                    other                                                                  other
                                                                                           comprehensive                                                          comprehensive
                                                                                              income and                                                             income and
                                                                          Amount before         currently                     Amount after       Amount after          currently
                                                                  As at    income tax in   transferred to                   tax attributable   tax attributable   transferred to             As at
                                                         December 31,        the current     the profit or   Less: income     to the parent        to minority      the retained     December 31,
           Item                                                   2024           period              loss    tax expenses         company        shareholders           earnings             2025

           1. Other comprehensive income that
                  cannot be reclassified into
                  profit or loss                         113,265,760.25   48,468,410.85                      7,200,180.00    41,268,230.85                                          154,533,991.10
                  Including: Other comprehensive
                                income not
                                transferable to profit
                                or loss under the
                                equity method              3,350,220.25      467,210.85                                         467,210.85                                            3,817,431.10
                            Changes in fair value of
                                other equity
                                instrument
                                   investments           109,915,540.00   48,001,200.00                      7,200,180.00    40,801,020.00                                          150,716,560.00
           2. Other comprehensive income that
                  will be reclassified into profit
                  or loss                                -14,318,210.94    -4,530,942.35                                      -4,530,942.35                                         -18,849,153.29
                  Including: Translation differences
                                of foreign currency
                                financial statements     -14,318,210.94    -4,530,942.35                                      -4,530,942.35                                         -18,849,153.29



           Total of other comprehensive income            98,947,549.31   43,937,468.50                      7,200,180.00    36,737,288.50                                          135,684,837.81




200
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025




                                                                             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                        (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.40 Surplus reserves

                                                            As at                                                    As at
                                                     December 31,                                             December 31,
         Item                                               2024     Increase in 2025 Decrease in 2025               2025
         Statutory surplus reserves               2,497,864,541.10     192,077,756.12                      2,689,942,297.22
         Discretionary surplus reserves           2,011,202,862.77     170,291,613.33                      2,181,494,476.10


         Total                                    4,509,067,403.87     362,369,369.45                      4,871,436,773.32


        Note: Pursuant to the resolution of the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders held by the Company on June 12,
              2025, the discretionary surplus reserve is accrued, and the statutory surplus reserve is accrued at 10% of the
              net profit of the parent company.


    5.41 General risk reserves

                                                         As at                                               As at
                                                  December 31,          Increase in       Decrease in December 31,
         Item                                            2024                 2025              2025         2025
         General risk reserves                    13,260,933.32       1,968,015.05                         15,228,948.37


         Total                                    13,260,933.32       1,968,015.05                         15,228,948.37


        Note: The general risk reserves are accrued by the subsidiary of the Company Antu Jinxin Commercial Factoring
              Co., Ltd. from net profit, the amount determined at 1% of the balance of risk assets at the end of the period is
              deducted from the amount that has been accrued in the book, in accordance with the Circular of the General
              Office of the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission on Strengthening the Supervision and
              Administration of Commercial Factoring Enterprises (YBJBF [2019] No.205).




                                                                                                                        201
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.42 Retained earnings

           Item                                                                         Year 2025              Year 2024
           Retained profit at the end of the previous year
             before adjustment                                                 13,489,875,636.21 12,171,069,311.04
           Total adjustment to retained profit at the beginning
             of the year (“+” for increase and “-” for decrease)
           Retained profit at the beginning of the year after
             adjustment                                                        13,489,875,636.21 12,171,069,311.04
           Plus: Net profit attributable to shareholders of
                   parent company                                               2,341,561,691.06       2,074,272,594.78
           Less: Withdrawal of statutory surplus reserves                         192,077,756.12         170,291,613.33
                  Withdrawal of discretionary surplus reserves                    170,291,613.33         116,981,122.04
                  Withdraw general risk reserve                                     1,968,015.05
                  Common stock dividends payable                                  699,364,091.76         468,193,534.24


           Retained profit at the end of the period                            14,767,735,851.01 13,489,875,636.21


          Note: On June 12, 2025, the Proposal on Distributing the Final Cash Dividend for the Year-End 2024 was approved at
                the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of the Company. The dividend is RMB0.239 per share (including
                tax), with a total distribution amount of RMB699,364,091.76.




202
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025




                                                                          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                     (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.43 Operating income and operating costs
        5.43.1 Operating revenues and operating costs


                                                   Year 2025                                 Year 2024
              Item                             Revenue                  Cost             Revenue                  Cost
              Primary business        8,748,062,402.05     4,295,909,252.26      8,789,242,193.30     4,299,273,990.45
              Other business             17,777,683.20        10,934,373.82         33,781,127.55        10,615,229.83


              Total                   8,765,840,085.25     4,306,843,626.08      8,823,023,320.85     4,309,889,220.28


             Details of operating income:

              Item                                                                   Year 2025              Year 2024
              Aviation information platform service revenue
                (Note 1)                                                    4,615,974,310.23         4,526,871,522.98
              Accounting, settlement and clearing services
                revenue (Note 2)                                              875,458,198.88           807,479,018.55
              Airport digitalization service revenue (Note 3)               1,495,441,663.11         1,887,709,037.10
              Aviation Travel Intelligent Products and Services
                (Note 4)                                                    1,112,739,115.96          936,825,950.36
              Information network and digital infrastructure
                service revenue (Note 5)                                       659,876,571.12         661,776,929.20
              Other income                                                       6,350,225.95           2,360,862.66


              Total                                                         8,765,840,085.25         8,823,023,320.85


             Note 1: Including “Aviation Information Technology Services”, and “Data service income”, “Logistics business
                     income” within “Other income” disclosed in previous years.


             Note 2: Including “Accounting, settlement and clearing services”, “Payment business income” and “Factoring
                     business revenue” within “Other income” disclosed in previous years.


             Note 3: The name disclosed in previous years was “System Integration Services”.


             Note 4: The name disclosed in previous years was “Revenue from technical support and products”.


             Note 5: Including “Data network service” and “Income from leasing, operation and maintenance service”
                     within “Other income” disclosed in previous years.




                                                                                                                   203
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.43 Operating income and operating costs (Continued)
          5.43.1 Operating revenues and operating costs (Continued)
               Details of operating income（According to the disclosure basis of FY2024）

                 Item                                                                     Year 2025              Year 2024
                 Aviation information technology services                        4,391,596,858.32        4,318,703,973.91
                 Settlement and clearing services                                  656,081,003.92          591,165,828.48
                 Airport Digitalization Services (Note 6)                        1,495,441,663.11        1,887,709,037.10
                 Data network services                                             506,670,240.36          464,559,678.88
                 Technical Support and Product Revenue                           1,112,739,115.96          936,825,950.36
                 Other income                                                      603,311,203.58          624,058,852.12
                 Including: Payment business income                                139,956,394.69          175,053,956.28
                            Income from leasing, operation, and
                               maintenance services                                153,206,330.76           197,217,250.32
                            Logistics business income                              102,263,878.28            88,539,659.09
                            Data service income                                    112,588,685.75            85,398,747.53


                 Total                                                           8,765,840,085.25        8,823,023,320.85


               Note 6: “Airport Digitalization Services” was disclosed as “System Integration Services” in prior years.




204
                                                                                        Annual Report 2025




                                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.43 Operating income and operating costs (Continued)
        5.43.2 Significant contractual changes or significant transaction price adjustments


                                                         Methods of accounting           Amount of effect
                 Item                                    treatment                           on revenue
                 Airline Service Agreement Fee Model     Changes in contracts, offset      -63,675,505.96
                                                           by income in the period
                                                           in which the contract is
                                                           changed


                 Total                                                                     -63,675,505.96


    5.44 Taxes and surcharges

         Item                                                              Year 2025             Year 2024
         Urban construction and maintenance tax                        20,652,858.65          18,986,077.78
         Educational surcharges                                        11,357,959.93          10,499,948.44
         Local educational surcharges                                   7,571,035.57           6,999,245.17
         Real property tax                                             50,747,352.95          49,473,285.17
         Resource tax                                                      67,472.80              28,678.60
         Land use tax                                                     579,891.65             579,768.33
         Stamp tax                                                      6,203,787.43           7,345,823.79
         Vehicle and vessel tax                                           160,042.08             161,363.34
         Others                                                           172,803.24             527,851.94


         Total                                                         97,513,204.30          94,602,042.56




                                                                                                       205
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.45 Selling and distribution expenses

           Item                                                 Year 2025          Year 2024
           Labor costs                                      70,748,216.50      60,215,950.91
           Distribution support costs                       18,589,924.54      12,222,060.78
           Payments of business cost                         4,327,534.74       6,540,314.26
           Expenses for business trips                       5,138,464.96       4,813,668.84
           Business entertainment fees                       2,586,261.08       3,442,681.53
           Advertising and production costs                  2,429,420.13       1,776,324.03
           Technical support and maintenance fees            2,037,809.62       2,320,390.05
           Amortization expenses of right-of-use assets        845,006.25         533,191.90
           Meeting fees                                        544,709.52         224,277.05
           Depreciation expenses of fixed assets               477,961.54         555,081.50
           Other costs                                       5,249,546.17       4,524,542.52


           Total                                           112,974,855.05      97,168,483.37


      5.46 General and administrative expenses

           Item                                                 Year 2025          Year 2024
           Labor costs                                     811,693,055.11     740,674,457.23
           Depreciation expenses of fixed assets           116,857,379.06     218,443,210.08
           Technical support and maintenance fees           65,102,346.31      67,248,539.31
           Amortization of intangible assets                69,618,171.27      92,551,777.81
           Amortization of right-of-use assets              52,870,745.75      60,078,575.12
           Property management fees of office building      33,404,586.45      14,323,744.11
           Expenses for business trips                      23,561,297.27      20,101,733.84
           Utility bills                                    16,924,782.57      16,391,670.57
           Disability Employment Guarantee Fund             15,309,259.02      15,005,251.57
           Amortization of renovation expenses              13,474,287.86         385,870.48
           Other costs                                      86,267,168.46      91,355,569.41


           Total                                          1,305,083,079.13   1,336,560,399.53




206
                                                                                       Annual Report 2025




                                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.47 Research and development expenses

         Item                                                             Year 2025           Year 2024
         Labor costs                                                  406,835,953.00     540,390,547.10
         Technical support fees                                       189,998,969.74     262,320,966.80
         Depreciation expenses of fixed assets                         13,147,464.89       5,237,494.76
         Amortization of intangible assets                              4,309,885.81       7,579,340.06
         Depreciation expenses of right-of-use assets                      45,517.83       5,835,273.48
         Expenses for business trips                                      693,605.19       1,837,813.61
         Other costs                                                      609,858.68       1,435,329.20


         Total                                                        615,641,255.14     824,636,765.01


    5.48 Financial expenses

         Item                                                             Year 2025           Year 2024
         Interest expenses                                             20,647,822.61      11,482,616.50
         Including: Interest expenses of lease liabilities             11,080,369.28       4,343,642.07
         Less: Interest income                                        115,898,872.01     199,101,553.97
         Gains or losses on foreign currency exchange                 -12,173,276.50     -23,595,536.05
         Others                                                         2,446,287.60       1,821,103.43


         Total                                                       -104,978,038.30     -209,393,370.09


    5.49 Other income

         Item                                                             Year 2025           Year 2024
         Government grants                                             11,442,427.40       13,779,340.13
         Additional deduction of input tax                                                 -2,816,287.27
         Withholding of personal income tax fees                        2,145,718.99        1,197,736.74
         Direct reduction and exemption of VAT                            217,647.25


         Total                                                         13,805,793.64       12,160,789.60




                                                                                                    207
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.50 Investment income

           Item                                                                  Year 2025            Year 2024
           Long-term equity investments income calculated under
             the equity method (Note)                                        50,791,547.29        43,718,133.70
           Investment income from disposal of long-term equity
             investment                                                                            6,745,214.44
           Investment income from financial assets held for trading
             during the holding period                                       17,505,692.03        30,197,201.10
           Interest income received during the holding period of debt
             investments                                                     15,383,563.39


           Total                                                             83,680,802.71        80,660,549.24


          Note: Including gains on disposal of Shanghai Tiantong Business Travel Agency Co., Ltd. in the amount of
                RMB115,294.53.


      5.51 Gains from changes in fair value

           Source of income from changes in fair value                           Year 2025            Year 2024
           Financial assets held for trading                                 -3,684,726.03        13,336,095.89
           Other non-current financial assets                               130,859,839.81        64,273,386.60


           Total                                                            127,175,113.78        77,609,482.49


      5.52 Losses from credit impairment

           Item                                                                  Year 2025            Year 2024
           Bad debts of notes receivable                                     -8,266,130.25        -1,120,512.31
           Bad debts of accounts receivable                                 -27,054,814.39       115,083,912.92


           Total                                                            -35,320,944.64       113,963,400.61




208
                                                                                   Annual Report 2025




                                                              NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                               For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                             (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.53 Losses from assets impairment

         Item                                                         Year 2025             Year 2024
         Losses from impairment of contract assets                -10,957,932.79        25,171,059.14
         Losses from impairment of advances to suppliers                                   181,035.00


         Total                                                    -10,957,932.79        25,352,094.14


    5.54 Gains from disposal of assets

                                                                                    Amount included
                                                                                     in non-recurring
                                                                                      profit or loss in
         Item                                  Year 2025            Year 2024      the current period
         Disposal of right-of-use
           assets                           2,778,736.04         1,831,533.51            2,778,736.04
         Disposal of fixed assets             -36,401.99                                   -36,401.99


         Total                              2,742,334.05         1,831,533.51            2,742,334.05


    5.55 Non-operating income

                                                                                    Amount included
                                                                                     in non-recurring
                                                                                      profit or loss in
        Item                                   Year 2025            Year 2024      the current period
        Gains from damage and
          scrapping of non-current
          assets                              101,622.99           949,770.76              101,622.99
        Indemnities                         1,844,305.02         4,562,498.47            1,844,305.02
        Payable not to be Paid                 31,926.03         7,448,867.90               31,926.03
        Others                                837,813.91         1,432,559.18              837,813.91


        Total                               2,815,667.95        14,393,696.31            2,815,667.95




                                                                                                   209
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.56 Non-operating expenses

                                                                                    Amount included
                                                                                     in non-recurring
                                                                                      profit or loss in
           Item                                      Year 2025         Year 2024   the current period
           Donations                              15,033,526.83    12,068,163.35        15,033,526.83
           Losses from the damage
             and scrapping of non-
             current assets                          768,467.79       751,511.57           768,467.79
           late fee                                8,583,809.46     8,962,549.38         8,583,809.46
           Others                                    142,071.66       591,866.02           142,071.66


           Total                                  24,527,875.74    22,374,090.32        24,527,875.74


      5.57 Income tax expenses
          5.57.1 List of income tax expenses


                   Item                                               Year 2025             Year 2024
                   Current income tax expenses                    322,132,036.09       287,103,150.48
                   Deferred income tax expenses                   -43,302,913.19       -21,140,462.49


                   Total                                          278,829,122.90       265,962,687.99




210
                                                                                    Annual Report 2025




                                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                               (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.57 Income tax expenses (Continued)
        5.57.2 Adjustment process of accounting profits and income tax expenses


              Item                                                                         Year 2025
              Total profits                                                         2,684,732,817.67
              Income tax expenses calculated at statutory or applicable tax rate      402,709,922.65
              Effect of different tax rates applicable to subsidiaries                 12,824,161.42
              Influence of adjustments to the income tax for the prior years          -13,534,115.83
              Influence of non-taxable income                                          -8,092,441.32
              Influence of non-deductible costs, expenses and losses                   13,861,530.14
              Influence of using the deductible losses related to deferred tax
                assets unrecognized in previous periods                                   -30,203.52
              Influence of unrecognized deferred tax assets and deductible
                temporary differences or losses in current period                         198,654.58
              Additional deduction for research and development expenses              -38,854,329.73
              Impact of tax refunds for key software companies                        -90,211,296.16
              Other                                                                       -42,759.33
              Income tax expenses                                                     278,829,122.90




                                                                                                 211
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.58 Earnings per share
          Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the consolidated net profit attributable to the
          ordinary shareholders of the Company by the weighted average of the Company’s ordinary shares:

           Item                                                           Year 2025              Year 2024
           Consolidated net profit attributable to the common
             stockholder of the Company                            2,341,561,691.06       2,074,272,594.78
           Weighted average of the Company’s outstanding
             common stock                                          2,926,209,589.00       2,926,209,589.00
           Basic earnings per share                                            0.80                   0.71
           Including: Basic earnings per share from
                       continuing operations                                    0.80                  0.71
                      Basic earnings per share from
                        discontinued operations


          As at December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the Company has no potential dilutive ordinary
          shares.




212
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025




                                                                             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                       (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.59 Supplementary information to the income statement with expenses
         classified by nature
        Operating costs, selling and distribution expenses, general and administrative expenses, research
        and development expenses, and financial expenses in income statement are classified by nature
        and listed as below:

         Item                                                                       Year 2025                  Year 2024
         Labor costs                                                        2,612,324,531.53            2,489,731,900.37
         Depreciation and amortization expenses                               899,327,941.12            1,242,701,146.84
         Cost of sales for airport digitalization business
           (Note 1)                                                           778,808,005.16             910,165,471.31
         Technical support and maintenance fees                               819,282,314.42             776,810,258.53
         Departure and distribution support fees (Note 2)                     628,436,378.91             566,470,303.92
         Internet usage fees                                                  109,312,279.04              89,630,825.35
         Financial expenses                                                  -104,978,038.30            -209,393,370.09
         Other operating costs                                                493,051,365.22             492,744,961.87


         Total                                                              6,235,564,777.10            6,358,861,498.10


        Note 1: Cost of sales for airport digitalization business was disclosed as ‘Cost of sales of integration business’ in
                previous years;


        Note 2: Departure and distribution support fees were disclosed as “Commission and promotion expenses” in
                previous years, and the cost of payment operations therein was classified as other operating costs.


    5.60 Items of statement of cash flows
        5.60.1 Cash relating to operating activities
              5.60.1.1 Other cash receipts relating to operating activities

                      Item                                                          Year 2025                  Year 2024
                      Government grants received                                 9,625,875.50               7,474,222.48
                      Interest income received from bank
                        deposits                                               49,871,773.84              127,649,475.35
                      Guarantee funds and quality guarantee
                        deposits received                                     39,442,315.35               24,044,849.02
                      Current accounts received                           33,539,445,515.94           30,372,181,092.17
                      Other non-operating income received                      2,770,121.35                  647,360.94
                      Collections and payments received                      172,575,857.90              130,508,582.77
                      Others                                             109,664,144,490.50          115,853,591,005.30


                      Total                                              143,477,875,950.38          146,516,096,588.03

                                                                                                                       213
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.60 Items of statement of cash flows (Continued)
          5.60.1 Cash relating to operating activities (Continued)
               5.60.1.2 Other cash payments relating to operating activities

                      Item                                                     Year 2025           Year 2024
                      General and administrative expenses
                        paid                                             267,461,754.78       172,039,575.62
                      Selling and distribution expenses paid              70,860,471.33        41,548,783.06
                      Research and development expenses
                        paid                                             177,532,397.93        454,733,473.05
                      Bank charges paid                                    2,475,504.16          1,471,630.09
                      Non-operating expenses paid                          8,506,644.48          1,741,277.03
                      Security deposit paid                               34,791,945.12         13,103,735.38
                      Current accounts between entities paid          34,058,339,163.79     29,858,368,550.88
                      Others                                         109,828,046,136.01    116,315,849,758.33


                      Total                                          144,448,014,017.60    146,858,856,783.44


          5.60.2 Cash relating to investing activities
               5.60.2.1 Other cash receipts relating to investing activities

                      Item                                                     Year 2025           Year 2024
                      Recovery of fixed asset purchases                                             37,250.00


                      Total                                                                         37,250.00


               5.60.2.2 Other cash payments relating to investing activities

                      Item                                                     Year 2025           Year 2024
                      Net decrease in cash from disposal of
                       subsidiaries                                                               442,553.74


                      Total                                                                       442,553.74




214
                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025




                                                                                                NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                               (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.60 Items of statement of cash flows (Continued)
        5.60.3 Cash flows from financing activities
             5.60.3.1 Other cash payments relating to financing activities

                    Item                                                                                   Year 2025                                 Year 2024
                    Lease liabilities paid                                                        109,238,174.12                             117,935,186.71
                    External donations (Note)                                                      15,000,000.00                              12,000,000.00


                    Total                                                                         124,238,174.12                             129,935,186.71


                   Note: External donations represent funds are for poverty alleviation.


             5.60.3.2 Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities


                                                       As at               Increase in 2025                           Decrease in 2025                           As at
                                              December 31,                                     Non-cash                                   Non-cash      December 31,
                    Item                               2024      Cash movements               movements     Cash movements               movements               2025

                    Short-term borrowings   1,203,300,592.42     3,341,797,320.57             752,027.06    3,257,447,805.08                          1,288,402,134.97
                    Long-term borrowings     200,213,888.89       471,200,000.00              306,280.00     200,213,888.89                            471,506,280.00
                    Lease liabilities         49,617,676.79                              395,059,882.34      109,238,174.12         33,555,107.51      301,884,277.50




                                                                                                                                                               215
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.61 Supplementary information to the statement of cash flow
          5.61.1 Supplementary information to the statement of cash flows

           Supplementary information                                         Year 2025           Year 2024
           1. Net profit adjusted to cash flows from
                 operating activities
              Net profit                                               2,405,903,694.77    2,128,563,558.28
              Plus: Losses from credit impairment                        -35,320,944.64      113,963,400.61
                     Provisions for impairment of assets                 -10,957,932.79       25,352,094.14
                     Depreciation expenses of fixed assets               285,841,500.86      596,916,040.67
                     Depletion of oil and gas assets
                     Amortization of right-of-use assets                122,080,495.16      106,837,565.92
                     Amortization of intangible assets                  478,148,557.84      531,815,887.99
                     Amortization of long-term deferred
                        expenses                                          17,517,872.51        5,469,142.51
                     Losses from disposal of fixed assets,
                       intangible assets and other long-term
                       assets (“-” for gains)                             -2,742,334.05       -1,831,533.51
                     Losses from scrapping of fixed assets (“-”
                       for gains)                                           666,844.80         -198,259.19
                     Losses from changes in fair value (“-” for
                       gains)                                          -127,175,113.78       -77,609,482.49
                     Financial expenses (“-” for gains)                  20,647,822.61         4,030,876.25
                     Investment losses (“-” for gains)                  -83,680,802.71       -80,660,549.24
                     Decreases in deferred tax assets (“-” for
                       increases)                                        -62,275,769.86      -30,550,695.01
                     Increases in deferred tax liabilities (“-” for
                       decreases)                                        19,394,955.86         9,489,457.72
                     Decreases in inventories (“-” for
                       increases)                                          2,190,514.34        4,254,486.03
                     Decreases in operating receivables (“-” for
                       increases)                                      -996,594,436.09     -668,353,463.35
                     Increases in operating payables (“-” for
                       decreases)                                       889,892,652.41     -141,543,604.79
                     Others
              Net cash flow from operating activities                  2,923,537,577.24    2,525,944,922.54
           2. Significant investing and financing activities
                 not involving cash receipts and payments
              Debt transferred into capital
              Convertible corporate bonds maturing within
                 one year
              Acquisition of right-of-use assets by assumption
                 of lease liabilities
           3. Net change in cash and cash equivalents
              Ending balance of cash                                  10,017,949,085.85   10,507,711,480.03
              Less: Beginning balance of cash                         10,507,711,480.03    7,276,531,274.65
              Plus: Ending balance of cash equivalents
              Less: Beginning balance of cash equivalents
              Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                -489,762,394.18     3,231,180,205.38




216
                                                                                        Annual Report 2025




                                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.61 Supplementary information to the statement of cash flow (Continued)
        5.61.2 Breakdowns of cash and cash equivalents


                                                                            As at                  As at
                                                                     December 31,           December 31,
              Item                                                          2025                   2024
              I. Cash                                            10,017,949,085.85      10,507,711,480.03
                   Including: Cash on hand                                1,132.61              10,958.18
                              Unrestricted digital currency           3,072,386.73           2,931,986.43
                              Unrestricted bank deposit           9,966,728,037.74      10,502,384,389.29
                              Unrestricted other monetary
                              asset                                  48,147,528.77           2,384,146.13
              II. Cash equivalents
                   Including: Bond investments maturing
                               within three months
              III. Ending balance of cash and cash
                   equivalents                                   10,017,949,085.85      10,507,711,480.03
                   Including: Cash and cash equivalents with
                               restricted use right by parent
                               company or subsidiaries of the
                               Group


             Restricted use but still presented as cash and cash equivalents:

                                                                       As at
                                                                December 31,    Reasons for cash and
              Item                                                     2025     cash equivalents
              People’s Bank of China customer             1,528,545,848.71      Ready to be used for the
              provisions                                                          settlement of daily
                                                                                  operations of the payer


              Total                                       1,528,545,848.71




                                                                                                       217
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.61 Supplementary information to the statement of cash flow (Continued)
          5.61.2 Breakdowns of cash and cash equivalents (Continued)
               Monetary funds not classified as cash and cash equivalents:

                                                   As at              As at
                                            December 31,       December 31,       Reasons for not being
                 Item                              2025               2024        cash and cash equivalents
                 Performance bond           39,158,809.89       28,590,768.45     Restricted and not
                                                                                    available for immediate
                                                                                    use
                 Property preservation                          10,775,011.90     Restricted and not
                                                                                    available for immediate
                                                                                    use
                 Letter of Credit Deposit                        1,400,000.00     Restricted and not
                                                                                    available for immediate
                                                                                    use
                 Payment Gateway               507,298.99         506,936.29      Restricted and not
                   Margin                                                           available for immediate
                                                                                    use
                 Others                      1,402,300.00              2,300.00   Restricted and not
                                                                                    available for immediate
                                                                                    use


                 Total                      41,068,408.88       41,275,016.64




218
                                                                                         Annual Report 2025




                                                                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                    (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.62 Foreign currency monetary items

                                              Foreign currency                            Converted RMB
                                              balance at end of                            balance at the
         Item                                            period        Exchange rate     end of the period
         Cash and bank balances                                                            313,751,441.65
         Including: USD                           32,551,614.83               7.0288       228,798,790.32
                    EUR                            2,131,344.13               8.2355        17,552,684.58
                    HKD                           72,835,803.40               0.9032        65,785,297.63
                    Other foreign
                      currencies                  66,973,689.11                              1,614,669.12


         Accounts receivable                                                               249,395,604.75
         Including: USD                           20,640,289.61               7.0288       145,076,467.61
                    EUR                            3,090,872.92               8.2355        25,454,883.93
                    HKD                           69,774,086.99               0.9032        63,019,955.37
                    Other foreign
                      currencies                  51,562,792.64                             15,844,297.84


    5.63 Lease
        5.63.1 The company as the lessee


                Item                                                       Year 2025             Year 2024
                Interest expense araising from lease liabilities        11,080,369.28         4,343,642.07
                Short-term lease expenses that are simplified
                   treated to the cost of related assets or current
                   profits and losses                                    1,020,962.65           452,217.60
                Lease expenses for low value assets that are
                   simplified treated to the cost of related assets
                   or current profits and losses (exclude short-
                   term lease for low value assets)                         59,880.00
                Cash outflows in relation to lease                     109,569,049.34       118,657,778.18




                                                                                                      219
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.63 Lease (Continued)
          5.63.1 The company as the lessee (Continued)
               The Company’s anticipated cash outflows from leases in future years, committed but not
               commenced, are as follows:

                                                                                            Undiscounted
                 Remaining lease term                                                     lease payments
                 Within 1 year                                                             141,819,872.69
                 1 – 2 years                                                               131,230,058.46
                 2 – 3 years                                                                32,585,594.27
                 Over 3 years                                                                5,092,966.28


                 Total                                                                     310,728,491.70


          5.63.2 The company as the lessor
               Operating lease

                                                                         Year 2025              Year 2024
                 Income from operating leases                        18,719,482.92          34,770,862.07
                 Of which: Income relating to variable lease
                             payments not included
                             in lease income


               Undiscounted lease receipts to be received after the balance sheet date are as follows:

                 Remaining lease term                                    Year 2025              Year 2024
                 Within 1 year                                       21,117,882.40          30,347,387.07
                 1 – 2 years                                         21,658,680.70          30,698,599.11
                 2 – 3 years                                         21,340,720.72          29,411,636.97
                 3 – 4 years                                         13,324,105.62          29,123,154.99
                 4 – 5 years                                          4,122,442.74          16,866,430.86
                 Over 5 years                                         5,021,955.36          11,168,185.51


                 Total                                               86,585,787.54         147,615,394.51


      5.64Data resources
          5.64.1 Sata resources assessment
               None.

          5.64.2 Other data resources information
               None.

220
                                                                                      Annual Report 2025




                                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


6   RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT EXPENDITURES
    6.1 Research & development expenditures

        Item                                                             Year 2025           Year 2024
        Labor costs                                                  510,312,460.17     566,268,446.58
        Technical support and fees                                   292,588,608.46     282,666,542.92
        Depreciation expenses of fixed assets                         13,407,847.19       5,246,166.59
        Amortization of intangible assets                              4,749,594.85       7,580,442.99
        Amortization of right-of-use assets                               45,517.83       5,835,273.48
        Travelling expenses                                              883,465.33       1,837,813.61
        Other costs                                                      647,594.53       1,445,178.91


        Total                                                        822,635,088.36     870,879,865.08


        Of which: Expensed research & development expenditures       615,641,255.14     824,636,765.01
                  Capitalised research & development
                    expenditures                                     206,993,833.22       46,243,100.07


       During the period, the Company’s expenditures for data resource research and development
       expensed were RMB0.00 (previous period: RMB0.00), and expenditures for data resource research
       and development capitalised were RMB0.00 (previous period: RMB6,063,658.75).




                                                                                                   221
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


6     RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT EXPENDITURES (CONTINUED)
      6.2 Development expenditures

                                                   Increase in 2025                Decrease in 2025
                                   As at         Internal                    Recognized as                           As at
                            December 31,     development                     an intangible                    December 31,
           Item                    2024      expenditures           Others           asset          Others           2025
           Item 1           11,196,503.37     4,256,328.89                   15,452,832.26
           Item 2            4,966,227.07                                     4,966,227.07
           Item 3            1,794,966.47                                     1,794,966.47
           Item 4            1,732,509.52                                     1,732,509.52
           Item 5                             1,488,293.83                                                     1,488,293.83
           Item 6                             1,046,412.71                                                     1,046,412.71
           Item 7                             1,667,773.46                                                     1,667,773.46
           Item 8                               942,366.84                                                       942,366.84
           Item 9                             1,465,820.78                                                     1,465,820.78
           Item 10             967,847.22     3,528,264.95                                                     4,496,112.17
           Item 11          29,133,718.79    18,386,850.10                                                    47,520,568.89
           Item 12                           47,874,580.73                                                    47,874,580.73
           Item 13                           64,437,023.53                                                    64,437,023.53
           Item 14                           15,408,895.22                                                    15,408,895.22
           Item 15                            4,159,530.48                                                     4,159,530.48
           Item 16                           26,686,709.51                                                    26,686,709.51
           Item 17                           15,644,982.19                    5,873,136.42     -440,071.53    10,211,917.30


           Subtotal         49,791,772.44   206,993,833.22                   29,819,671.74     -440,071.53   227,406,005.45
           Less: Provisions
             for impairment


           Total            49,791,772.44   206,993,833.22                   29,819,671.74     -440,071.53   227,406,005.45




222
                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025




                                                                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                                    (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


6   RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT EXPENDITURES (CONTINUED)
    6.2 Development expenditures (Continued)
        6.2.1 The situation of important capitalized research & development projects


                                                                                                          The point at which The specific basis for determining
                   End-of-period                 Estimated         How economic benefits are              the capitalization the point at which capitalization
         Item      R&D progress                  completion time   expected to arise                      begins             begins
         Item 5    Currently, the company is still December 2025   Formation of corresponding products,   January 2025        Start capitalisation with company
                      in the process of research                      subsequent market entry                                    project approval
                      and development
         Item 6    Currently, the company is still December 2025   Formation of corresponding products,   January 2025        Start capitalisation with company
                      in the process of research                      subsequent market entry                                    project approval
                      and development
         Item 7    Currently, the company is still December 2025   Formation of corresponding products,   January 2025        Start capitalisation with company
                      in the process of research                      subsequent market entry                                    project approval
                      and development
         Item 8    Currently, the company is still December 2025   Formation of corresponding products,   January 2025        Start capitalisation with company
                      in the process of research                      subsequent market entry                                    project approval
                      and development
         Item 9    Currently, the company is still December 2025   Formation of corresponding products,   January 2025        Start capitalisation with company
                      in the process of research                      subsequent market entry                                    project approval
                      and development
         Item 10   R&D progress is approximately December 2027     Formation of corresponding products,   October 2024        Start capitalisation with company
                      79%.                                            subsequent market entry                                    project approval
         Item 11   Project is in the process of    December 2025   Formation of corresponding products,   September 2023      Start capitalisation with company
                      completion.                                     subsequent market entry                                    project approval
         Item 12   Project is in the process of    December 2025   Formation of corresponding products,   January 2025        Start capitalisation with company
                      completion.                                     subsequent market entry                                    project approval
         Item 13   R&D progress is approximately December 2027     Formation of corresponding products,   February 2025       Start capitalisation with company
                      42%.                                            subsequent market entry                                    project approval
         Item 14   Project is in the process of    December 2025   Formation of corresponding products,   February 2025       Start capitalisation with company
                      completion.                                     subsequent market entry                                    project approval.
         Item 15   R&D progress is approximately April 2026        Formation of corresponding products,   April 2025          Start capitalisation with company
                      92%.                                            subsequent market entry                                    project approval




                                                                                                                                                            223
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


6     RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT EXPENDITURES (CONTINUED)
      6.2 Development expenditures (Continued)
           6.2.1 The situation of important capitalized research & development projects (Continued)

                                                                                                                                               The point at which The specific basis for determining
                         End-of-period                          Estimated                    How economic benefits are                         the capitalization the point at which capitalization
            Item         R&D progress                           completion time              expected to arise                                 begins             begins
            Item 16      R&D progress is approximately June 2026                             Formation of corresponding products, September 2025                            Start capitalisation with company
                           60%.                                                                 subsequent market entry                                                        project approval
            Item 17      Pending production and March 2026                                   Formation of corresponding products, January 2025                              Start capitalisation with company
                           acceptance                                                           subsequent market entry                                                        project approval


7     CHANGE OF THE CONSOLIDATION SCOPE
      There was no change in the consolidation scope during the period.


8     EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES
      8.1 Equity in the subsidiaries Equity in joint venture arrangements or
          associates
           8.1.1 Structure of the enterprise group


                                                        Principal place of
                                                        business operation                               Registered                                                          Shareholding ratio (%) Way of
                      Name of subsidiary                and registration Business type                       capital Nature of Business                                       Directly   Indirectly acquisition

                      Chongqing Civil Aviation Cares    Chongqing, China Limited liability company          1,480.00 Provision of electronic travel distribution, airport       51.00               Investment
                        Information Technology Co.,                            (state-owned holding)                     passenger processing and cargo management
                        Ltd.                                                                                             services; and sales and installation of related
                                                                                                                         information systems
                      Hunan TravelSky Technology        Changsha, China Limited liability company           3,000.00 Planning and construction, operation                      100.00               Investment
                        Limited                                                (sole proprietorship                      management, technical support, product
                                                                               invested or controlled                    development and e-commerce of computer
                                                                               by a non-natural                          reservation, departure and freight
                                                                               person)                                   transportation and other application systems
                      Xi’an Civil Aviation Cares        Xi’an, China         Limited liability company      1,500.00 Computer software and hardware development                 51.00               Investment
                        Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                             and data network services
                      Hubei Civil Aviation Cares Co.,   Wuhan, China         Other limited liability        1,500.00 Provision of electronic travel distribution, airport       62.50         7.68 Investment
                        Ltd.                                                   companies                                 passenger processing and cargo management
                                                                                                                         services; and sales and installation of related
                                                                                                                         information systems
                      Civil Aviation Cares Technology Urumqi, China          Limited liability company      1,000.00 Computer software and hardware development                 51.00               Investment
                        of Xinjiang Co., Ltd.                                  (state-owned holding)                     and data network services




224
                                                                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025




                                                                                                                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                                                     (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


8   EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
    8.1 Equity in the subsidiaries Equity in joint venture arrangements or
        associates (Continued)
       8.1.1 Structure of the enterprise group (Continued)

                                              Principal place of
                                              business operation                               Registered                                                        Shareholding ratio (%) Way of
             Name of subsidiary               and registration Business type                      capital Nature of Business                                     Directly   Indirectly acquisition

             Shenzhen Civil Aviation Cares    Shenzhen, China limited liability company          6,100.00 Provision of e-tourism distribution and freight           61.47              Investment
               Co., Ltd.                                                                                      management services; and the sale and
                                                                                                              installation of relevant information systems
             Shanghai TravelSky Technology Shanghai, China Limited liability company               400.00 Computer software and hardware development              100.00               Investment
               Limited                                                (sole proprietorship                    and data network services
                                                                      invested or controlled
                                                                      by a non-natural
                                                                      person)
             Xiamen Civil Aviation Cares Co., Xiamen, China        other limited liability       2,000.00 Computer software and hardware development                51.00              Investment
               Ltd.                                                   companies                               and data network services
             Qingdao Civil Aviation Cares Co., Qingdao, China      other limited liability       5,000.00 Computer software and hardware development                51.00              Investment
               Ltd.                                                   companies                               and data network services
             Hainan Civil Aviation Cares Co., Haikou, China        other limited liability       1,000.00 Provision of e-tourism distribution and freight           68.94              Investment
               Ltd.                                                   companies                               management services; and the sale and
                                                                                                              installation of relevant information systems
             Guangzhou TravelSky Technology Guangzhou, China Limited liability company          40,000.00 Computer software and hardware development              100.00               Investment
               Limited                                                (sole proprietorship)                   and data network services
             China Aviation Accounting Co.,   Beijing, China       Limited liability company    75,978.52 Settlement, liquidation services and related            100.00               Investment
               Ltd.                           Tianjin, China          (sole proprietorship)                   information system development and support
                                                                                                              services
             Beijing AsiaTech Payment         Beijing, China       Limited liability company    15,612.16 Technology promotion service, computer software         100.00               Investment
               Technology Co., Ltd.                                   (sole proprietorship)                   technology development, computer system
                                                                                                              engineering design and installation
             Antu Jinxin Commercial Beijing, China                 Limited liability company    30,000.00 Provision of trade financing in the form of             100.00               Investment
               Factoring Co., Ltd.            Tianjin, China          (sole proprietorship)                   transferring accounts receivable; receipt,
                                                                                                              payment, settlement, management and
                                                                                                              collection of accounts receivable; management
                                                                                                              of sales sub-account (ledger); customer credit
                                                                                                              investigation and evaluation; related consulting
                                                                                                              services; other businesses permitted by laws
                                                                                                              and regulations.




                                                                                                                                                                                                 225
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


8     EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
      8.1 Equity in the subsidiaries Equity in joint venture arrangements or
          associates (Continued)
          8.1.1 Structure of the enterprise group (Continued)

                                                  Principal place of
                                                  business operation                               Registered                                                     Shareholding ratio (%) Way of
                 Name of subsidiary               and registration Business type                      capital Nature of Business                                  Directly   Indirectly acquisition

                 Infosky Information Technology Beijing, China         Limited liability company    $2,548.00 Provision of freight management services and           94.62        5.38 Investment
                   Co., Ltd.                                             (Sino-foreign joint                     related software and technology development;
                                                                         venture)                                provision of technical support, training and
                                                                                                                 information services
                 TravelSky Cares (Beijing) Real   Beijing, China       Limited liability company     1,000.00 Real estate development and sales, self-             100.00               Investment
                   Estate Co., Ltd.                                      (sole proprietorship)                   developed commercial housing contracting,
                                                                                                                 labor service subcontracting and investment
                                                                                                                 management
                 Beijing TravelSky Travel Agency Beijing, China        Limited liability company     7,200.00 Domestic travel business and inbound travel          100.00               Investment
                   Co., Ltd.                                             (sole proprietorship)                   business
                 Travelsky Yunzhi Technology      Beijing, China       Limited liability company     5,000.00 Computer system services, data processing,           100.00               Investment
                   (Beijing) Co., Ltd.                                   (sole proprietorship)                   computer and communication equipment
                                                                                                                 leasing, technical services and technical
                                                                                                                 consulting
                 Inner Mongolia TravelSky         Hohhot, China        Limited liability company       500.00 Computer and auxiliary equipment, sales,             100.00               Investment
                   Technology Limited                                    (sole proprietorship                    leasing, maintenance and technical consulting;
                                                                         invested or controlled                  computer system services and tourist
                                                                         by a non-natural                        information consulting
                                                                         person)
                 Zhejiang TravelSky Technology    Hangzhou, China Limited liability company          3,734.73 Contracting of computer software and hardware          51.00              Business
                   Limited                                               (foreign-invested                       engineering, airport air traffic control                                  combination
                                                                         enterprise and                          engineering and building weak current system                              under
                                                                         domestic-funded joint                   engineering, and computer software and                                    common
                                                                         venture)                                hardware, sales, maintenance, leasing and                                 control
                                                                                                                 technical consulting services
                 Henan TravelSky Technology       Zhengzhou, China Limited liability company         1,000.00 Contracting of computer software and hardware        100.00               Investment
                   Limited                                               (sole proprietorship                    engineering projects; technical consultation
                                                                         invested or controlled                  and service; system integration
                                                                         by a non-natural
                                                                         person)
                 Beijing TravelSky Technology     Beijing, China       Limited liability company     5,001.00 Technology development, technology services,         100.00               Investment
                   Limited                                               (sole proprietorship)                   and technology transfer; sales of computers,
                                                                                                                 software and auxiliary equipment




226
                                                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2025




                                                                                                                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                                                      (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


8   EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
    8.1 Equity in the subsidiaries Equity in joint venture arrangements or
        associates (Continued)
       8.1.1 Structure of the enterprise group (Continued)

                                                Principal place of
                                                business operation                                Registered                                                  Shareholding ratio (%) Way of
             Name of subsidiary                 and registration Business type                       capital Nature of Business                               Directly   Indirectly acquisition

             Guangzhou Skyecho Information Guangzhou, China other limited liability                   200.00 Software and information technology services        51.00                 Business
               Technology Co., Ltd.                                    companies                                                                                                         combination
                                                                                                                                                                                         not under
                                                                                                                                                                                         common
                                                                                                                                                                                         control
             TravelSky Digital Intelligence     Beijing, China       Limited liability company      5,000.00 Technology development, technology consulting,    100.00                  Investment
               Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.                          (sole proprietorship)                    technology services, technology transfer,
                                                                                                                technology promotion and software
                                                                                                                development
             China TravelSky International      Hong Kong, China Sole proprietorship             HK$1,236.00 Commercial services                               100.00                  Investment
               Limited
             TravelSky Technology               Singapore            Sole proprietorship          S$7,158.08 Hardware consulting and system consulting         100.00                  Investment
               (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.
             OpenJaw Technologies Limited Dublin, Ireland            Sole proprietorship             €25.21 Technology service and technology support          100.00                  Business
                                                                                                                                                                                       combination
                                                                                                                                                                                       not under
                                                                                                                                                                                       common
                                                                                                                                                                                       control




                                                                                                                                                                                              227
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


8     EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
      8.1 Equity in the subsidiaries Equity in joint venture arrangements or
          associates (Continued)
          8.1.2 Major non-wholly-owned subsidiaries


                                                                                                                                                                                      Dividends
                                                                                                         Shareholding                               Profit or loss                   declared to                             Balance of
                                                                                                              ratio of                               attributable                 be distributed                                minority
                                                                                                             minority                                 to minority                    to minority                             interest as
                                                                                                         shareholders                               shareholders                   shareholders                            at December
                 Name of subsidiary                                                                                (%)                                     in 2025                       in 2025                                31, 2025
                 Shenzhen Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.                                                                    38.53                   10,083,789.76                       157,969.72 163,875,383.29
                 Xiamen Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.                                                                      49.00                   11,023,440.94                     3,920,000.00 118,961,466.24
                 Qingdao Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.                                                                     49.00                   11,676,711.42                       980,000.00 82,892,270.59


          8.1.3 Key financial information of major non-wholly-owned subsidiaries

                                                                               As at December 31, 2025                                                                                   As at December 31, 2024
                                                 Current      Non-current           Total         Current        Non-current               Total            Current    Non-current            Total          Current        Non-current                 Total
                 Name of subsidiaries              assets          assets          assets        liabilities       liabilities        liabilities            assets          assets          assets        liabilities           liabilities        liabilities

                 Shenzhen Civil Aviation
                   Cares Co., Ltd.         390,213,055.34    47,822,109.54 438,035,164.88    12,627,001.14         80,403.79      12,707,404.93       390,709,306.07   45,835,790.88 436,545,096.95    36,923,051.59             56,097.32      36,979,148.91
                 Xiamen Civil Aviation
                   Cares Co., Ltd.         227,409,174.87    52,121,956.86 279,531,131.73    36,749,057.00          3,572.20      36,752,629.20       209,008,180.22   55,196,357.14 264,204,537.36    35,890,878.78             31,974.29      35,922,853.07
                 Qingdao Civil Aviation
                   Cares Co., Ltd.         687,072,093.34    10,928,231.75 698,000,325.09 528,832,425.92                          528,832,425.92      451,327,863.08   15,258,999.82 466,586,862.90 313,726,242.29          5,522,744.75 319,248,987.04



                                                                                        Year 2025                                                                                              Year 2024
                                                                                                                Total               Cash flow                                                                            Total                 Cash flow
                                                      Operating                                comprehensive from operating                                   Operating                               comprehensive from operating
                 Name of subsidiaries                       income            Net profit                       income                activities                  income               Net profit                   income                       activities

                 Shenzhen Civil Aviation
                    Cares Co., Ltd.           134,216,501.58            26,171,811.91            26,171,811.91                   2,314,492.48 125,643,977.31                      1,366,316.03            1,366,316.03                  20,058,366.47
                 Xiamen Civil Aviation
                    Cares Co., Ltd.             95,260,127.77           22,496,818.24            22,496,818.24               10,001,613.96 100,604,993.29                       21,941,569.94           21,941,569.94                          454,943.87
                 Qingdao Civil Aviation
                    Cares Co., Ltd.           457,483,561.08            23,830,023.31            23,830,023.31               36,796,642.44 444,423,257.57                       20,851,941.73           20,851,941.73                   68,234,010.08




228
                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025




                                                                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                                    (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


8   EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
    8.2 Equity in joint venture arrangements or associates
        8.2.1 Major joint ventures or associates


                                                                                                                          Accounting treatment Whether
                                                   Principal place                                                        method of the        Strategic for
                                                   of business and                                 Shareholding ratio (%) investments in joint Company’s
              Name of joint ventures or associates registration place   Business Nature             Directly Indirectly ventures or associates activities
              Shanghai Civil Aviation East China Shanghai, China        Information System            41.00               Equity method         Yes
                Cares System Integration Co., Ltd.                        Integration Services
              Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast Shenyang, China         Information System            46.00               Equity method         Yes
                Cares Co., Ltd.                                           Integration Services
              Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport       Harbin, China        Information System            50.00               Equity method         Yes
                Network Co., Ltd.                                         Integration Services
              Dalian TravelSky Airport Network Dalian, China            Information System            50.00               Equity method         Yes
                Co., Ltd.                                                 Integration Services
              TravelSky Mobile Technology          Beijing, China       Technology Development;       20.66               Equity method         Yes
                Co., Ltd.                                                 Promotion
              Yunnan TravelSky Airport             Kunming, China       Internet information          50.00               Equity method         Yes
                Network Co., Ltd.                                         service




                                                                                                                                                       229
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


8     EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
      8.2 Equity in joint venture arrangements or associates (Continued)
          8.2.2 Principal financial information of major joint ventures


                                                              As at December 31, 2025/Year 2025               As at December 31, 2024/Year 2024
                                                             Yunnan      Heilongjiang            Dalian      Yunnan      Heilongjiang             Dalian
                                                          TravelSky        TravelSky          TravelSky   TravelSky         TravelSky          TravelSky
                                                    Airport Network Airport Network Airport Network Airport Network Airport Network Airport Network
                                                            Co., Ltd.        Co., Ltd.              LLC     Co., Ltd.        Co., Ltd.              LLC
                 Current assets                      226,099,666.02    57,805,921.45    49,663,066.96    230,822,508.49    60,066,876.57    51,777,467.84
                 Including: cash and cash equivalents 6,015,592.80      5,835,028.69    28,260,851.92      6,115,230.70    35,160,785.27    27,055,973.69
                 Non-current assets                   41,083,755.74     4,760,406.59     5,597,989.95     46,715,585.98     1,984,973.09     7,903,694.07
                 Total assets                        267,183,421.76    62,566,328.04    55,261,056.91    277,538,094.47    62,051,849.66    59,681,161.91

                 Current liabilities                  22,229,102.92     3,971,459.01     6,318,181.30     44,417,835.64     9,176,937.79     6,950,052.55
                 Non-current liabilities                 168,590.99        53,904.57                         995,076.33       168,050.94
                 Total liabilities                    22,397,693.91     4,025,363.58     6,318,181.30     45,412,911.97     9,344,988.73     6,950,052.55

                 Minority shareholders’ equity
                 Equity attributable to the
                   shareholders of the parent
                   company                           244,785,727.85    58,540,964.46    48,942,875.61    232,125,182.50    52,706,860.93    52,731,109.36

                 Net asset shares calculated
                   according to the shareholding
                   ratios                             122,392,863.92   29,270,482.23    24,471,437.81     92,850,073.00    26,353,430.47    26,365,554.68
                 Adjustment matters                                                                       24,150,353.96
                 – Goodwill
                 – Unrealized profit from
                   internal trading
                 – Others                                                                                 24,150,353.96
                 Book value of the equity investment
                   in joint ventures
                 Fair value of investments in
                   interests in joint ventures for
                   which publicly quoted prices exist 122,392,863.92   29,270,482.23    24,471,437.81    117,000,426.96    26,353,430.47    26,365,554.68

                 Operating income                     91,967,534.53    26,276,054.84    36,119,498.14     91,218,869.64    30,073,486.94    35,535,805.89
                 Financial expenses                     -527,178.47      -274,941.53       -28,747.29       -782,090.65      -139,557.19       -74,210.42
                 Income tax expenses                   2,360,071.77     2,534,066.33     2,289,804.17      2,104,180.48     3,251,157.54     1,781,728.31
                 Net profit                           15,660,545.35     7,834,103.53     6,211,766.25     13,484,800.95     9,252,984.95     5,420,746.87




230
                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025




                                                                                               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                                   (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


8   EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
    8.2 Equity in joint venture arrangements or associates (Continued)
        8.2.2 Principal financial information of major joint ventures (Continued)

                                                           As at December 31, 2025/Year 2025               As at December 31, 2024/Year 2024
                                                          Yunnan      Heilongjiang            Dalian      Yunnan      Heilongjiang             Dalian
                                                       TravelSky        TravelSky          TravelSky   TravelSky         TravelSky          TravelSky
                                                 Airport Network Airport Network Airport Network Airport Network Airport Network Airport Network
                                                         Co., Ltd.        Co., Ltd.              LLC     Co., Ltd.        Co., Ltd.              LLC
              Net profit from discontinued
                operations
              Other comprehensive income
              Total comprehensive income           15,660,545.35      7,834,103.53       6,211,766.25     13,484,800.95      9,252,984.95       5,420,746.87

              Dividends received from joint
                ventures in the current period      4,060,000.00      1,000,000.00       5,000,000.00                        1,000,000.00       5,000,000.00


        8.2.3 Key financial information of major associates


                                                           As at December 31, 2025/Year 2025                      As at December 31, 2024/Year 2024
                                                       Shanghai                                               Shanghai
                                                   Civil Aviation                                         Civil Aviation
                                                      East China          Shenyang         TravelSky        East China          Shenyang           TravelSky
                                                   Cares System       Civil Aviation          Mobile     Cares System        Civil Aviation           Mobile
                                                     Integration Northeast Cares         Technology         Integration Northeast Cares          Technology
                                                         Co., Ltd.          Co., Ltd.        Co., Ltd.         Co., Ltd.          Co., Ltd.         Co., Ltd.
              Current assets                      337,937,693.18    306,349,847.10     608,712,155.55    443,403,818.35    266,424,076.81     323,567,537.70
              Non-current assets                  179,269,533.15    100,933,530.35     104,611,010.79    204,683,117.19    110,990,760.89      38,340,566.99
              Total assets                        517,207,226.33    407,283,377.45     713,323,166.34    648,086,935.54    377,414,837.70     361,908,104.69

              Current liabilities                 184,173,004.21     18,310,339.48     472,884,589.58    278,009,768.35     45,009,530.98     227,352,894.90
              Non-current liabilities               3,875,150.83      5,178,152.06         470,648.86     36,661,513.29      5,528,643.03      15,699,415.47
              Total liabilities                   188,048,155.04     23,488,491.54     473,355,238.44    314,671,281.64     50,538,174.01     243,052,310.37

              Minority shareholders’ equity
              Equity attributable to the
                shareholders of parent company    329,159,071.29    383,794,885.91     239,967,927.90    333,415,653.90    326,876,663.69     118,855,794.32




                                                                                                                                                       231
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


8     EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
      8.2 Equity in joint venture arrangements or associates (Continued)
          8.2.3 Key financial information of major associates (Continued)

                                                               As at December 31, 2025/Year 2025                      As at December 31, 2024/Year 2024
                                                           Shanghai                                               Shanghai
                                                       Civil Aviation                                         Civil Aviation
                                                          East China          Shenyang         TravelSky        East China          Shenyang           TravelSky
                                                       Cares System       Civil Aviation          Mobile     Cares System        Civil Aviation           Mobile
                                                         Integration Northeast Cares         Technology         Integration Northeast Cares          Technology
                                                             Co., Ltd.          Co., Ltd.        Co., Ltd.         Co., Ltd.          Co., Ltd.         Co., Ltd.
                 Net asset shares calculated
                   according to the shareholding
                   ratios                             134,955,219.23    176,545,647.52      57,172,358.82    136,700,418.10    150,363,265.30      28,317,393.00
                 Adjustment matters                   -40,317,571.00                       184,127,784.80    -42,114,179.24                       173,685,716.80
                 – Goodwill
                 – Unrealized profit from internal
                      trading                         -40,317,571.00                                         -42,114,179.24
                 – Others                                                                  184,127,784.80                                         173,685,716.80
                 Book value of the equity investment
                   in associates                       94,637,648.23    176,545,647.52     241,300,143.62     94,586,238.86    150,363,265.30     202,003,109.79
                 Fair value of investments in
                   interests in joint ventures for
                   which publicly quoted prices exist

                 Operating income                     261,848,421.78    311,398,017.26     514,884,073.25    273,937,319.12    333,359,790.98     214,033,767.03
                 Net profit                             2,456,400.86     32,081,779.69     -43,637,624.81      2,577,836.00     33,701,353.23     -89,378,436.14
                 Net profit from discontinued
                   operations
                 Other comprehensive income             9,310,807.54                                             404,845.75
                 Total comprehensive income            11,767,208.40     32,081,779.69     -43,637,624.81      2,982,681.75     33,701,353.23     -89,378,436.14

                 Dividends received from associates
                   in the current period                4,100,000.00      2,861,200.00                          738,000.00




232
                                                                                      Annual Report 2025




                                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                               (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


8   EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
    8.2 Equity in joint venture arrangements or associates (Continued)
        8.2.4 Summary of financial information on insignificant joint ventures or associates


                                                                              As at              As at
                                                                      December 31,       December 31,
                                                                    2025/Year 2025      2024/Year 2024
              Joint ventures:

              Total investment book value                             52,859,952.26       47,475,711.86
              Total amount calculated based on the following
                shareholding proportions
                – Net profit                                          11,384,185.40       13,257,412.41
                – Other comprehensive income
                – Total comprehensive income                          11,384,185.40       13,257,412.41

              Associates:

              Total investment book value                            186,487,393.45      170,961,297.28
              Total amount calculated based on the following
                shareholding proportions
                – Net profit                                          21,332,484.71       18,875,183.97
                – Other comprehensive income
                – Total comprehensive income                          21,332,484.71       18,875,183.97




                                                                                                   233
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


9     GOVERNMENT GRANTS
      9.1 Government subsidies included in the profit or loss for the current period

                    Items included in the current profit or loss or
                    used to offset the related costs or losses
                                                                                                                  Year 2025               Year 2024
                    Income-related government grants                                                          11,442,427.40          13,779,340.13


                    Total                                                                                     11,442,427.40          13,779,340.13


      9.2 Liabilities involving government subsidies

                                                                Amount     The amount
                                              The amount included in of other income           Amounts
                                      As at         of new non-operating    transferred      charged to                  As at
                               December 31,     subsidy in income for             in the   costs during   Other   December 31,    Asset-related/income-
           Liability items            2024     this period    the period current period      the period changes          2025     related
           Deferred earnings                                                                                                      Assets-related
           Deferred earnings     172,500.00   1,200,000.00                                                         1,372,500.00   Income-related




234
                                                                                    Annual Report 2025




                                                               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                               For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                             (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


10 RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
  10.1 Risks arising from financial instruments
      The Company is exposed to various financial risks in the course of its operations: credit risk,
      liquidity risk and market risk (including exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and other price
      risks). The financial risks and the risk management policies taken by the Company to mitigate
      these risks are set out as below:

      The Board of directors is responsible for planning and establishing the Company’s risk
      management framework, formulating the Company’s risk management policies and relevant
      guidelines, and supervising the implementation of risk management measures. The Company
      has formulated risk management policies to identify and analyze the risks faced by it. These
      risk management policies specify specific risks and cover many aspects such as market risk,
      credit risk and liquidity risk management. The Company regularly evaluates the changes in the
      market environment and the Company’s business activities to decide whether to update the risk
      management policies and systems. The Company’s risk management is carried out by the Risk
      Management Committee in accordance with the policies approved by the board of directors.
      The Risk Management Committee identifies, evaluates and avoids relevant risks through close
      cooperation with other business departments of the Company. The Company’s internal audit
      department regularly reviews the risk management controls and procedures, and reports the
      audit results to the Company’s Audit Committee.

      The Company diversifies its exposure to financial instruments through an appropriately
      diversified portfolio of investments and businesses, and reduces the risk of concentration in a
      single industry, a specific region or a specific counterparty by formulating corresponding risk
      management policies.

      10.1.1 Credit risk
           Credit risk refers to the risk of financial loss to the Company caused by the counterparty’s
           failure to perform its contractual obligations.

           The Company’s credit risk arises mainly from cash and cash equivalents, notes receivable,
           accounts receivable, contract assets, other receivables, and debt instruments that are
           not included in the scope of impairment assessment and are measured at fair value and
           whose changes are included in current profit and loss Investments and derivative financial
           assets, etc. On the balance sheet date, the book value of the company’s financial assets has
           represented its maximum credit risk exposure.

           The Company’s cash and cash equivalents are mainly bank deposits placed with reputable
           state-owned banks and other large and medium-sized listed banks with high credit ratings,
           which the Company believes that they have no significant credit risk and will almost never
           incur significant losses due to bank’s defaults.




                                                                                                  235
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


10 RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
      10.1 Risks arising from financial instruments (Continued)
          10.1.1 Credit risk (Continued)
                In addition, for notes receivable, accounts receivable, receivables financing, contract assets
                and other receivables, etc. the Company has set the relevant policies to control credit
                risk exposure. The Company, based on the customers’ financial positions, the possibility
                of obtaining guarantees from the third party, credit records and other factors such as
                the current market conditions, evaluated the credit qualifications of customers and set
                credit term. The Company would monitor the customers’ credit records periodically; as for
                the customers with bad credit records, the Company would adopt the methods including
                requesting a payment in writing or shortening or canceling credit term so as to keep the
                Company’s overall credit risks within controllable scope.

          10.1.2 Liquidity risk
                Liquidity risk refers to the risk of capital shortage arising when the enterprise performs the
                settlement obligation by way of the delivery of funds or other financial assets.

                The policy of the Company is to ensure that there are sufficient cash for the payment of
                the matured debts. Liquidity risk is under centralized control of the financial department
                of the Company. The financial department monitors cash balance and readily realizable
                and marketable securities and makes rolling forecast on cash flows of the next 12 months
                to ensure that the Company has sufficient funds to repay debts in all cases of reasonable
                prediction. Meanwhile, it monitors whether provisions of the borrowing agreement are
                satisfied, obtain commitments of main financial institutions for providing sufficient reserve
                funds to satisfy the demand for short-term and long-term funds.

                Various financial liabilities of the Company should be presented at undiscounted contractual
                cash flows on the maturity date as follows:

                                                                                   As at December 31, 2025
                                                                                                                             The total
                                                                                                                            amount of
                                     Immediate                                                                        the undiscounted
                 Item                repayment Within one year         1-2 years           2-5 years     Over 5 years         contract            Total
                 Short-term
                   borrowings                  1,305,045,203.23                                                       1,305,045,203.23 1,288,402,134.97
                 Accounts payable              1,606,531,211.55   454,765,455.16     330,524,905.74     51,800,348.95 2,443,621,921.40 2,436,336,087.39
                 Other payables                2,178,323,186.22     3,469,303.64       1,064,738.25     70,674,605.09 2,253,531,833.20 2,378,355,241.00
                 Long-term
                   borrowings                     12,761,666.67    12,421,355.56     475,590,013.33                     500,773,035.56   471,506,280.00
                 Lease liabilities               146,010,781.41   133,278,928.90      35,279,222.94                     314,568,933.25   301,884,277.50


                 Total                         5,248,672,049.08   603,935,043.26     842,458,880.26    122,474,954.04 6,817,540,926.64 6,876,484,020.86



236
                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025




                                                                                             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


10 RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   10.1 Risks arising from financial instruments (Continued)
       10.1.2 Liquidity risk (Continued)


                                                                                   As at December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                                  The total
                                                                                                                                 amount of
                                  Immediate                                                                               the undiscounted
              Item                repayment   Within one year          1-2 years           2-5 years         Over 5 years          contract              Total
              Short-term
                borrowings                    1,214,942,957.16                                                         1,214,942,957.16 1,203,300,592.42
              Accounts payable                1,581,190,033.26    345,653,386.33      225,528,715.67     35,028,031.68 2,187,400,166.94 2,187,400,166.94
              Other payables                  1,787,975,041.85      7,484,089.97       44,747,314.91     88,997,629.73 1,929,204,076.46 1,929,204,076.46
              Long-term
                borrowings                     201,769,444.44                                                                201,769,444.44     200,213,888.89
              Lease liabilities                 41,853,899.80       8,919,054.01          597,562.19                          51,370,516.00      49,617,676.79


              Total                           4,827,731,376.51    362,056,530.31      270,873,592.77    124,025,661.41 5,584,687,161.00 5,569,736,401.50


            The repayment period of bank borrowings and other financing is analysed as follows:

                                                            As at December 31, 2025                                As at December 31, 2024
              Item                                      Bank borrowing   Other financing                       Bank borrowing    Other financing
              Within one year                          1,288,708,414.97             146,010,781.41             1,403,514,481.31               41,853,899.80
              1-2 years                                                             133,278,928.90                                             8,919,054.01
              2-5 years                                  471,200,000.00              35,279,222.94                                               597,562.19


              Total                                    1,759,908,414.97             314,568,933.25             1,403,514,481.31               51,370,516.00




                                                                                                                                                        237
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


10 RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
      10.1 Risks arising from financial instruments (Continued)
          10.1.3 Market Risk
               Market risk associated with financial instruments refers to the risk that fair value or future
               cash flows of financial instruments fluctuate due to variations in market prices, and it
               includes exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and price risks.

               10.1.3.1 Interest rate risk
                     Interest rate risks refer to the risks of fluctuation in the fair value or future cash flows
                     of financial instruments due to changes in market interest rate.

                     Fixed-rate and floating-rate interest-bearing financial instruments make the Company
                     expose to fair value interest rate risk and cash flow interest rate risk, respectively. The
                     Company determines the ratio of fixed-rate instruments to floating-rate instruments
                     based on market conditions and maintains an appropriate mix of fixed-rate and
                     floating-rate instruments through regular review and monitoring. When necessary, the
                     Company uses interest rate swap instruments to hedge interest rate risk.

                     As at December 31, 2025, with other variables held constant, if the borrowing rate
                     calculated on a floating rate basis increases or decreases by 100 basis points, the
                     Company’s net profit will decrease or increase by RMB9,840,025.92 (December 31,
                     2024: RMB0.00).

               10.1.3.2 Exchange rate risk
                     Exchange rate risk refers to the risk that fair value or future cash flows of financial
                     instruments fluctuate due to variations in foreign exchange rate.

                     The Company continuously monitor the foreign currency transactions and foreign
                     currency assets and liabilities to minimize the foreign exchange risks. In addition,
                     the Company may also sign forward foreign exchange contracts or currency swap
                     contracts to achieve the purpose of avoiding exchange rate risk. In current period
                     and prior period, the Company did not sign any forward foreign exchange contract or
                     currency swap contract.




238
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025




                                                                                NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                        (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


10 RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   10.1 Risks arising from financial instruments (Continued)
       10.1.3 Market Risk (Continued)
            10.1.3.2 Exchange rate risk (Continued)
                  The exchange rate risk the Company is facing is mainly from the financial assets and
                  liabilities denominated in US dollars, and the foreign currency assets and liabilities are
                  equivalent to the amount denominated in RMB indicated as below:

                                                     As at December 31, 2025                       As at December 31, 2024
                                                           Other foreign                                 Other foreign
                    Item                      US Dollar      currencies          Total      US Dollar      currencies         Total
                    Cash and cash
                      equivalents         228,798,790.32 84,952,651.33 313,751,441.65 206,293,187.84 42,166,769.34 248,459,957.18
                    Accounts receivable   145,076,467.61 104,319,137.14 249,395,604.75 163,121,821.87 194,947,523.89 358,069,345.76


                    Total                 373,875,257.93 189,271,788.47 563,147,046.40 369,415,009.71 237,114,293.23 606,529,302.94


                  As at December 31, 2025, if all other variables remain unchanged, if the RMB
                  appreciates or depreciates against the U.S. dollar by 1%, the company will decrease or
                  increase its net profit by RMB4,786,749.89 (December 31, 2024: RMB5,155,499.07).

            10.1.3.3 Other price risk
                  Other price risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of financial
                  instruments will fluctuate because of the changes in market prices other than
                  exchange rate risk and interest rate risk.

                  The Company’s other price risk arises primarily from investments in various equity
                  instruments. There is the risk of changes in the prices of equity instruments.

                  As at December 31, 2025, in the case that other variables remained the same, if the
                  value of equity instruments increase or decrease by 2%, the Company will increase
                  or decrease the net profits of RMB18,978,080.68 and other comprehensive income
                  of RMB17,889,331.20 (December 31, 2024: Net profits of RMB17,295,997.66; other
                  comprehensive income of RMB18,132,784.80).

   10.2 Risk management of hedging operations
       The Company has no hedging business.

   10.3 Transfer of financial assets
       None.




                                                                                                                              239
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


11 DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE
      The input value used for measuring fair value is divided into three levels:

      Level 1 inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the
      Company can access on the measurement date;

      Level 2 inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the
      asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and

      Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs that have been applied in valuing the respective asset or
      liability.

      The level of the measurement result of fair value shall subject to the lowest level which the input that
      is great significance to the entire measurement of fair value belongs to.

      11.1 Fair value of assets and liabilities measured at fair value as at December
           31, 2025

                                                                                       Fair value as at December 31, 2025
                                                                      Measurement        Measurement        Measurement
                                                                       of fair value       of fair value     of fair value
            Item                                                          at Level 1          at Level 2        at Level 3              Total
            I. Continuous measurement of fair value
               ◆Held-for-trading financial assets                                      3,414,508,219.18                      3,414,508,219.18
                 Financial assets measured at fair value through
                    profit or loss                                                     3,414,508,219.18                    3,414,508,219.18
                    (1) Debt instrument investment                                     3,414,508,219.18                    3,414,508,219.18
               ◆Investment in other equity instruments                                                    1,052,313,600.00 1,052,313,600.00
               ◆Other non-current financial assets                                                        1,116,357,687.34 1,116,357,687.34
                 1. Financial assets measured at fair value through
                    the current profit or loss                                                          1,116,357,687.34 1,116,357,687.34
                    (1) Investment in equity instruments                                                1,116,357,687.34 1,116,357,687.34
            Total assets with continuous fair value measurement                        3,414,508,219.18 2,168,671,287.34 5,583,179,506.52




240
                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025




                                                                                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                           (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


11 DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE (CONTINUED)
   11.2 Qualitative and quantitative information of valuation techniques and key
        parameters adopted for items measured at the fair value of Level 2 on a
        going and non-going concern

                                  Fair value as                                              Major parameters
                              at December 31,     Valuation                                                                Quantitative
        Item                              2025    techniques     Qualitative information                                   information
        Structured           3,414,508,219.18     Market         The applicable time deposit interest rate is determined
          Deposits                                 approach       based on the market exchange rate pricing issued as at
                                                                  December 31, 2025.


   11.3 Qualitative and quantitative information of valuation techniques and key
        parameters adopted for items measured at the fair value of Level 3 on a
        going and non-going concern

                                                          Fair value as
                                                      at December 31,                          Unobservable                    Quantitative
        Items                                                     2025    Valuation techniques input value                     information
        China Merchants RenHe Life                    1,052,313,600.00    Market approach     Price-to-book ratio                         1.57
          Insurance Company Limited
         （Investments in other equity
          instruments）
        China Mobile Equity Fund                      1,116,357,687.34    Market approach     Liquidity discount                  10%-35%
          (Hebei Xiong’an) Partnership
          investment（Other non-current
          financial assets）




                                                                                                                                          241
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


11 DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE (CONTINUED)
      11.4 Analysis on the measurement items measured at fair value of level 3 on a
           going concern, adjustment information between the book value as at the
           end of the last year and the book value as at the end of last period and
           sensitivity of unobservable parameters
          11.4.1 Analysis on the measurements items measured at fair value of Level 3 reconciliation
                 items


                                                                                                                                                                                                                    For assets held

                                                                                                                                                                                                                   at the end of the

                                                                                                    Current profit or loss                                                                                        reporting period,

                                                                                                                        Included                                                                                 current unrealized

                                                                                   Transfer   Included in the                other             Purchases, issuances, sales,                                       gains or changes

                                                  As at December     Transfer to      from     current profit    comprehensive                          and settlements                       As at December            included in

                 Item                                    31, 2024       Level 3     Level 3           or loss            income Purchases   Issuances        Sales             Settlements            31, 2025        profit or loss

                 ◆Investment in other

                     equity instruments           1,004,312,400.00                                                 48,001,200.00                                                              1,052,313,600.00

                 ◆Other non-current

                     financial assets             1,017,411,627.32                            140,388,574.66                                                                  41,442,514.64   1,116,357,687.34      140,388,574.66

                 Financial assets

                     measured at fair

                     value through the

                     current profit

                     or loss                      1,017,411,627.32                            140,388,574.66                                                                  41,442,514.64   1,116,357,687.34      140,388,574.66

                 – Equity instrument

                     investment                   1,017,411,627.32                            140,388,574.66                                                                  41,442,514.64   1,116,357,687.34      140,388,574.66
                 Total                            2,021,724,027.32                            140,388,574.66       48,001,200.00                                              41,442,514.64   2,168,671,287.34      140,388,574.66



                 Including: Gains and

                                 losses related

                                 to financial

                                 assets                                                       140,388,574.66                                                                                                        140,388,574.66

                               Gains and losses

                                 related to

                                 non-financial

                                 assets



          11.4.2 Unobservable parameters sensitivity analysis
               The non-input observable for other equity instruments is the price-to-book ratio range of
               1.57, which would result in an increase or decrease in fair value of RMB52,615.70 thousand
               if the price-to-book ratio increased or decreased by 5%.




242
                                                                                        Annual Report 2025




                                                                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS
  12.1 Parent company of the Company

                                                                                  Shareholding      Voting
                                                                                       ratio of    ratio of
                                                                       Registered   the parent  the parent
                                                                           capital company in company in
       Name of parent                                                     (RMB10           the         the
       company           Registration place   Nature of business        thousand) Company (%) Company (%)
       China TravelSky   Room A2913,         Manage all state-          300,000.00       29.55        29.55
         Holding           Building 5,        owned assets and
         Company           Yuhang Road        state-own equity
         Limited           No.8 Yard, Shunyi  arising from the
                           District, Beijing  state investments in
                                              the group company
                                              and its investees.


      The Company’s ultimate controller: The State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
      Commission of the State Council.

  12.2 Subsidiaries of the Company
      See the “Note 8 Interests in other entities” for the details of major subsidiaries the Company.

  12.3 Joint ventures and associates of the Company
      See the “Note 8 Interests in other entities” for the details of major joint ventures or associates of
      the Company.

  12.4 Other related parties

       Name of other related party                 Relationship with the Company
       Air China Co., Ltd.                         Subsidiaries of shareholders of the Company
       Shenzhen Airlines Co., Ltd.                 A shareholder of the Company
       China Southern Airlines Co., Ltd.           Subsidiaries of shareholders of the Company
       Xiamen Airlines Co., Ltd                    A shareholder of the Company
       China Eastern Airlines Co., Ltd.            A shareholder of the Company
       Shanghai Airlines Co., Ltd.                 Subsidiaries of shareholders of the Company
       China United Airlines Co., Ltd.             Subsidiaries of shareholders of the Company
       Hainan Airlines Holding Co., Ltd.           A shareholder of the Company
       Sichuan Airlines Co., Ltd.                  Subsidiaries of shareholders of the Company
       Shandong Airlines Co., Ltd.                 A shareholder of the Company
       China Communications
         Information Technology Co., Ltd.          Associate company of the shareholders of the Company
       TravelSky Cloud Data Co., Ltd.              Same ultimate controller


                                                                                                        243
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      12.5 Related-party transactions
          12.5.1 Related party transactions on purchase and sales of goods, rendering and receipt of labor
                 services
               Purchase of goods/receipt of services

                                                                Content of related-party
                 Related party                                  transactions                   Year 2025        Year 2024
                 Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast Cares Co.,   Technology support fee/    302,548,339.67   294,064,630.87
                   Ltd. and its subsidiaries                    Procurement of goods
                 Shanghai Civil Aviation East China Cares       Technology support fee/     80,815,584.85   163,902,530.69
                   System Integration Co., Ltd.                 Procurement of goods
                   and its subsidiaries
                 Chengdu Civil Aviation Southwest Cares Co.,     Technology support fee/    90,905,215.34    93,340,036.16
                   Ltd. and its subsidiaries                     Procurement of goods
                 Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.      Technology support fee/    46,867,587.21    53,147,495.46
                   and its subsidiaries                          Procurement of goods
                 Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport Network Co.,     Technology support fee/    15,718,052.08    20,489,943.56
                   Ltd.                                          Procurement of goods
                 Dalian TravelSky Airport Network LLC            Technology support fee/    12,355,167.75    12,574,391.30
                                                                 Procurement of goods
                 Hebei TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.       Technology support fee      5,804,371.42     6,646,942.59
                 Yantai TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.      Technology support fee      4,145,993.74     5,889,084.72
                 Xinjiang Hangxin Tianyi Technology              Technology support fee/    25,417,581.84       650,000.00
                   Innovation Co., Ltd.                          Procurement of goods
                 Beijing TravelSky Borun Technology Co., Ltd. Technology support fee        21,766,469.06    19,520,481.43
                 TravelSky Mobile Technology Co., Ltd.           Technology support fee/    19,055,109.59    13,080,170.36
                                                                 Procurement of goods
                 TravelSky Cloud Data Co., Ltd.                  Technology support fee      9,367,507.49     6,777,483.66
                 China Communications                            Technology support fee      3,364,726.53     5,078,839.55
                   Information Technology Co., Ltd.
                 China Southern Airlines Co., Ltd. and its       Technology support fee      8,492,665.76     5,428,259.78
                    subsidiaries
                 Air China Corporation Limited and its           Technology support fee      2,931,384.76     2,547,061.49
                    subsidiaries
                 China Eastern Airlines Co., Ltd. And its        Technology support fee      2,162,735.91        62,354.72
                    subsidiaries
                 Hainan Airlines Holding Co., Ltd. and its       Technology support fee          1,486.79
                    subsidiaries
                 Sichuan Airlines Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries Technology support fee       -217,371.00




244
                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025




                                                                                               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   12.5 Related-party transactions (Continued)
       12.5.1 Related party transactions on purchase and sales of goods, rendering and receipt of labor
              services (Continued)
            Sales of goods/rendering of services

               Related party                                     Content of related-party transactions         Year 2025                 Year 2024
               Air China Corporation Limited                     Aviation Information                    1,248,367,142.31          1,138,059,452.89
                 and its subsidiaries                              Technology Service
               China Southern Airlines Co., Ltd. and its         Aviation Information                     900,249,567.96            754,373,256.23
                  subsidiaries                                     Technology Service
               China Eastern Airlines Co., Ltd. And its          Aviation Information                     710,111,304.71            927,654,841.92
                  subsidiaries                                     Technology Service
               Hainan Airlines Holding Co., Ltd. and its         Aviation Information                     518,249,624.78            426,446,676.55
                  subsidiaries                                     Technology Service
               Sichuan Airlines Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries   Aviation Information                     347,572,790.80            271,383,676.73
                                                                   Technology Service
               Shanghai Civil Aviation East China Cares System   Rendering of services                     18,674,666.88             17,639,614.23
                  Integration Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries
               Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.        Rendering of services                       5,026,820.37              8,143,649.15
                  and its subsidiaries
               Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast Cares Co., Ltd. Rendering of services                       2,181,477.69              3,379,527.92
                  and its subsidiaries
               Chengdu Civil Aviation Southwest Cares Co., Ltd. Rendering of services                        6,547,507.15              9,648,295.11
                  and its subsidiaries
               Dalian TravelSky Airport Network LLC              Rendering of services                       1,466,808.74              4,078,226.13
               Hebei TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.         Rendering of services                         249,622.69                350,492.59
               Yantai TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.        Rendering of services                          49,434.00                 60,377.36
               Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd. Rendering of services                          285,141.11                457,320.10
               Xinjiang Hangxin Tianyi Technology Innovation     Rendering of services                       5,973,121.59              8,038,052.56
                 Co., Ltd.
               Guangzhou Airport Hangyi Information Technology Rendering of services                          112,264.15                183,953.92
                  Co., Ltd.
               TravelSky Mobile Technology Co., Ltd.             Rendering of services                     61,598,574.69             49,355,488.16
               Shanghai Dongmei Online Travel Agency Co., Ltd. Rendering of services                                                     57,009.42
               China TravelSky Holding Company Limited           Rendering of services                                                  169,675.47
               TravelSky Cloud Data Co., Ltd.                    Sales of goods/Rendering of services        5,542,297.46             5,387,537.07
               Civil Aviation Trade Development Co., Ltd.        Rendering of services                                                   51,882.08




                                                                                                                                             245
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      12.5 Related-party transactions (Continued)
          12.5.2 Related-party lease
               The Company acted as lessee:

                                                                                                 Year 2025                                                                        Year 2024
                                                                 Simplified                                                                      Simplified
                                                              treatment of                                                                    treatment of        Variable
                                                               rental costs Variable lease                      Interest                       rental costs          lease
                                                             for short-term     payments                       expenses                      for short-term      payments                              Interest
                                                                leases and    not included                      incurred        Increased       leases and not included                              expenses          Increased
                                           Type of           leases of low-   in the lease                      on lease      Right-of-use   leases of low-    in the lease                       incurred on       Right-of-use
                 Name of lessor            leased assets       value assets     liabilities      Rent paid     liabilities         assets      value assets      liabilities      Rent paid    lease liabilities          assets

                 China TravelSky Holding   Buildings and                                      36,615,207.51 3,404,333.30 103,541,759.48                                        52,169,607.69      1,027,100.50     147,008,845.59
                   Company Co., Ltd          constructions
                 TravelSky Cloud Data      Buildings and                                      55,917,840.44 5,804,363.94 230,728,382.23                                        40,801,984.04      1,941,593.47      96,455,805.69
                   Co., Ltd.                 constructions
                 China Eastern Airlines    Buildings and                                        356,036.70     65,018.19      2,026,830.78
                   Co., Ltd.                 constructions
                 China Eastern Airlines    Others                                                11,071.74      2,021.90        63,028.73
                   Co., Ltd.


          12.5.3 Loans from and to related parties

                                                                                                 Amount of
                 Related party                                                                money on loan                  Starting date Due date                                Remarks
                 Loans from related parties
                 China TravelSky Holding                                                      471,506,280.00                 May 8, 2025             May 8, 2028                   Long-term
                   Company Limited                                                                                                                                                 borrowing principal
                                                                                                                                                                                   plus accrued interest

               Interest expenses incurred during the year amounted to RMB9,567,453.33.

          12.5.4 Asset transfer and debt restructuring of related parties

                                                                                               Content of related-party
                 Related party                                                                 transactions                                                        Year 2025                              Year 2024
                 Yunnan TravelSky                                                              Contributions from equity                                                                        61,435,724.75
                   Airport Network Co., Ltd.                                                     of subsidiaries

          12.5.5 Remuneration of key management personnel

                 Item                                                                                                                                         Year 2025                                   Year 2024
                 Remuneration of key management personnel                                                                                           6,141,664.04                                   4,029,097.75



246
                                                                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025




                                                                                                                       NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                                                   (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   12.5 Related-party transactions (Continued)
       12.5.6 Remuneration of directors and supervisors
            As at December 31, 2025, details of the remuneration (including tax) of directors and
            supervisors were as below:

                                                                                                                    Year 2024
                                                                                                          Salaries, allowances
                                                                                                              and subsidies of                                 Retired-related
                                                                                                          employees (including                                        benefits
                                                                                                        the medical insurance,                      Housing      (endowment
                                                         Directors (Supervisors)                      unemployment insurance,        Employee      provident    insurance and
                                             Directors       meeting allowance                             work-related injury    performance         funds supplementary
                                         (Supervisors)    (including the balance          Directors    insurance and maternity           bonus    (payments        enterprise          Stock          Total
                                         Emoluments/          of cashing out the      (Supervisors)             insurance paid   (discretionary       by the       annuity for   appreciation     (including
             Item                         Basic salary         work allowance)      Bonus/Premium             by the Company)           bonus)    Company)          the aged)           right           tax)

             Executive Directors
             Jiang bo#(i) (President)                                                                                12,977.81       20,833.00      4,476.00         8,952.48                     47,239.29
             Huang Rongshun# #                                                                                     294,789.28     1,046,784.00     51,186.00       132,018.24                   1,524,777.52
             Non-executive Directors
             Sun Yuquan*
             Qu Guangji*
             He Xiaoqun*
             Xi Sheng*
             Independent Non-executive
               Directors
             Liu Zehong                     60,000.00                 40,000.00                                                                                                                  100,000.00
             Chen Yongde                    70,000.00                 32,000.00                                                                                                                  102,000.00
             Xu Hongzhi                     60,000.00                 20,000.00                                                                                                                   80,000.00
             Supervisors
             Liang Shuang (ii)                                                                                     457,186.28       289,586.00     51,186.00       127,542.24                    925,500.52


             Total                         190,000.00                 92,000.00                                    764,953.37     1,357,203.00    106,848.00       268,512.96                   2,779,517.33




                                                                                                                                                                                                    247
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      12.5 Related-party transactions (Continued)
          12.5.6 Remuneration of directors and supervisors (Continued)
               #
                      The performance bonus for these Executive Directors is subject to the calculation standard determined
                      by the superior supervisory authority, and consists of the part of performance bonus for the prior year
                      and the advance performance bonus for the current year.

               ##
                      The performance bonuses of these executive directors are implemented in accordance with the
                      standards approved by the higher-level regulatory authorities. Such bonuses include a portion of the
                      performance bonus from the previous year and the advance payment of the performance bonus for the
                      current year. In addition, the performance bonuses of these executive directors for the year 2025 also
                      include part of their term-based performance bonuses for prior years.


               *      These directors and supervisors are consisted of the Company’s sponsors and shareholders or the
                      full-time employees of the Company’s subsidiaries. According to relevant regulatory requirements,
                      they do not collect any remuneration from the Company or these subsidiaries.


               (i)    Appointed on 18 December 2025. (Counted from 18 December 2025 to 31 December 2025.)


               (ii)   Appointed on 23 January 2025. (Counted from 23 January 2025 to 31 December 2025.)




248
                                                                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025




                                                                                                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                           For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                                                         (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   12.5 Related-party transactions (Continued)
       12.5.6 Remuneration of directors and supervisors (Continued)
                                                                                                                             Year 2024
                                                                                                           Salaries, allowances
                                                                                                               and subsidies of
                                                                                                           employees (including
                                                                                                              4 insurances, the
                                                                                                             medical insurance,
                                                                                                                 unemployment                                             Retired-related
                                                               Directors (Supervisors)                         insurance, work-            Employee        Housing    benefits (endowment
                                                  Directors        meeting allowance                              related injury         performance      provident         insurance and
                                               (Supervisors)   (including the balance         Directors          insurance and                bonus          funds         supplementary           Stock           Total
                                               Emoluments/          of cashing out the     (Supervisors)    maternity insurance      (discretionary    (payments by     enterprise annuity   appreciation     (including
             Item                              Basic salary          work allowance)     Bonus/Premium     paid by the Company)               bonus) the Company)            for the aged)          right           tax)

             Executive Directors
             Huang Rongshun#
               (Director)                                                                                            288,787.02           491,596.00      49,806.00            123,863.04                    954,052.06
             Non-executive Directors
             Sun Yuquan*(i)
             Qu Guangji*(i)
             Xi Sheng*
             Zhao Xiaohang*(ii)
             Luo Laijun*(ii)
             Independent Non-executive
               Directors
             Liu Zehong                           60,000.00                 40,000.00                                                                                                                        100,000.00
             Chen Yongde                          70,000.00                 21,000.00                                                                                                                         91,000.00
             Xu Hongzhi                           60,000.00                 20,000.00                                                                                                                         80,000.00
             Supervisors
             Zhang Xin (Staff representative
               supervisor)(iii)                                                                                      249,794.68           268,778.00      46,626.00             93,257.52                    658,456.20
             Yang Jun*
             Bai Bin*
             Liang Shuang
               (Staff representative
               supervisor)(iv)                                                                                        11,161.35            18,358.62       2,244.00              5,612.76                     37,376.73
             Total                               190,000.00                 81,000.00                                549,743.05           778,732.62      98,676.00            222,733.32                   1,920,884.99




                                                                                                                                                                                                                249
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      12.5 Related-party transactions (Continued)
          12.5.6 Remuneration of directors and supervisors (Continued)
               *       These directors and supervisors are consisted of the Company’s sponsors and shareholders or the
                       full-time employees of the Company’s subsidiaries. According to relevant regulatory requirements,
                       they do not collect any remuneration from the Company or these subsidiaries.

               #
                       The performance bonus for these Executive Directors is subject to the calculation standard determined
                       by the superior supervisory authority, and consists of the part of performance bonus for the prior year
                       and the advance performance bonus for the current year.


               (i)     Appointed on 25 January 2024.


               (ii)    Resigned on 25 January 2024.


               (iii)   Appointed on 17 January 2024.


               (iv)    Resigned on 17 January 2024.


          12.5.7 Remuneration of directors and the highest-paid persons
               Five highest-paid persons
               Among the five highest-paid persons in the Group in 2025, there were 1 director (2024: 0
               director). The remuneration information of 4 highest-paid persons in 2025 (2024: 5 persons)
               is as follows:

                   Item (Five highest-paid, non-director persons)                        Year 2025               Year 2024
                   Salaries, bonuses, allowances and subsidies                        4,907,184.04            5,842,735.77
                     Including: Employee performance bonus
                                 (Discretionary bonus)                                3,535,526.92            3,630,095.67
                   Housing provident funds paid by the Company                          204,744.00              249,030.00
                   Endowment insurance and enterprise annuity paid
                     by the Company                                                     539,466.96              739,513.20
                   Sub-total                                                          5,651,395.00            6,831,278.97
                   Stock appreciation right (shares)
                   Fair value of each share of stock appreciation right
                   Amount of stock appreciation right


                   Total                                                              5,651,395.00            6,831,278.97




250
                                                                                       Annual Report 2025




                                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                              (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   12.5 Related-party transactions (Continued)
       12.5.7 Remuneration of directors and the highest-paid persons (Continued)
            Five highest-paid persons (Continued)
            The remuneration falls within the following scope:

                                                                  2025 (Number of      2024 (Number of
             Item                                                        persons)             persons)
             HKD0 – HKD1,000,000 (equivalent to RMB903,200)
              (2024: RMB926,000)
             HKD1,000,001 – HKD1,800,000
              (equivalent to RMB1,625,760)
              (2024: RMB1,666,800)                                                 5                  5


            As at December 31, 2025, the Group has not paid to directors, supervisors or five
            highest-paid persons for the purpose of attracting them to join in the Group or at the
            time when they joined the Group or for their dismission (2024: None), and no director or
            supervisor has quitted or agreed to quite any payment (2024: None).




                                                                                                    251
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      12.6 Receivables from and payables to related parties
          12.6.1 Receivables


                                                                                  As at December 31, 2025               As at December 31, 2024
                                                                                                    Provision for                          Provision for
                 Item           Related party                                   Book balance           bad debts      Book balance            bad debts
                 Accounts
                   receivable
                                Air China Limited and its subsidiaries        488,588,530.51       12,313,825.14     462,986,303.06         5,573,928.78
                                China Southern Airlines Company Limited
                                   and its subsidiaries                       939,277,991.17      184,496,534.62    1,463,655,332.87     183,048,988.37
                                China Eastern Airlines Corporation
                                   Limited and its subsidiaries              1,354,926,814.21       3,383,030.92     691,061,423.97         2,821,947.98
                                Hainan Airlines Holding Co., Ltd. and its
                                   subsidiaries                               322,206,031.66       71,063,666.42     377,538,992.73      155,618,574.91
                                Sichuan Airlines Co., Ltd. and its
                                   subsidiaries                               296,143,614.05                          56,182,379.74             1,799.96
                                Shanghai Civil Aviation East China Cares
                                   System Integration Co., Ltd. and its
                                   subsidiaries                                12,975,288.35                          34,275,366.51                 5.01
                                Chengdu Civil Aviation Southwest Cares
                                   Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries                2,781,100.00                           9,793,100.00
                                Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast Cares
                                   Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries                 501,050.00                             668,218.87
                                Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network Co.,
                                   Ltd. and its subsidiaries                     5,348,410.81                         19,897,573.29
                                Dalian TravelSky Airport Network LLC             1,365,729.70                          1,868,079.55
                                Hebei TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.        4,700,140.00                          4,511,540.00
                                Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport Network
                                   Co., Ltd.                                                                             115,400.00
                                Xinjiang Hangxin Tianyi Technology
                                   Innovation Co., Ltd.                        28,614,232.25                          30,080,424.56
                                Yantai TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.         10,100.00                               4,900.00
                                Guangzhou Air Port Air Wing Information
                                   Technology Co., Ltd.                           104,000.00                              98,113.21
                                TravelSky Mobile Technology Limited           166,810,903.42                         103,282,623.97
                                TravelSky Cloud Data Co., Ltd.                  9,196,074.59                           6,745,685.54
                                China Communications Information
                                   Technology Co., Ltd.                           205,589.74




252
                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025




                                                                                             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                                    (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   12.6 Receivables from and payables to related parties (Continued)
       12.6.1 Receivables (Continued)


                                                                               As at December 31, 2025              As at December 31, 2024
                                                                                                 Provision for                         Provision for
             Item               Related party                                Book balance           bad debts     Book balance            bad debts
             Notes receivable
                                Hainan Airlines Holding Co., Ltd. and its
                                  subsidiaries                              141,666,297.58                       170,223,062.52
             Advances to
               suppliers
                                China Southern Airlines Company Limited
                                   and its subsidiaries                             39.90                                 39.90
                                Shanghai Civil Aviation East China Cares
                                   System Integration Co., Ltd. and its
                                   subsidiaries                               8,745,929.93                         2,883,785.53
                                Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast Cares
                                   Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries             1,864,196.61                         2,317,168.99
                                Chengdu Civil Aviation Southwest Cares
                                   Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries            11,216,426.40                         1,210,867.60
                                Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network Co.,
                                   Ltd. and its subsidiaries                   631,127.60                           681,597.60
                                Dalian TravelSky Airport Network LLC           564,000.00                            14,000.00
                                TravelSky Mobile Technology Limited            725,388.00                            57,468.00
                                TravelSky Cloud Data Co., Ltd.                 333,250.30




                                                                                                                                              253
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      12.6 Receivables from and payables to related parties (Continued)
          12.6.1 Receivables (Continued)


                                                                                    As at December 31, 2025              As at December 31, 2024
                                                                                                      Provision for                         Provision for
                 Item                Related party                                Book balance           bad debts     Book balance            bad debts
                 Other receivables
                                     China Southern Airlines Company Limited
                                        and its subsidiaries                        277,754.42                        111,757,496.53
                                     China Eastern Airlines Corporation
                                        Limited and its subsidiaries             335,039,312.75                       234,883,053.43
                                     Air China Limited and its subsidiaries      534,934,740.91                       386,297,991.40
                                     Hainan Airlines Holding Co., Ltd. and its
                                        subsidiaries                               6,326,038.29                            20,000.00
                                     Sichuan Airlines Co., Ltd. and its
                                        subsidiaries                               6,707,097.91                        10,493,602.57
                                     Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast Cares
                                        Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries             2,499,241.80                         1,827,160.30
                                     Chengdu Civil Aviation Southwest Cares
                                        Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries              774,635.91                           820,226.23
                                     Shanghai Civil Aviation East China Cares
                                        System Integration Co., Ltd. and its
                                        subsidiaries                               6,246,514.94                         4,686,311.62
                                     Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network Co.,
                                        Ltd. and its subsidiaries                   965,249.60                          1,062,053.76
                                     Dalian TravelSky Airport Network LLC           284,523.44                            570,945.78
                                     Guangzhou Air Port Air Wing Information
                                        Technology Co., Ltd.                          4,691.75                             4,691.75
                                     Hebei TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.      525,623.18                           268,201.38
                                     Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport Network
                                        Co., Ltd.                                    279,579.96                           233,979.20
                                     TravelSky Mobile Technology Limited           4,501,183.46                         3,343,950.14
                                     Shanghai Tiantongxing Business Travel
                                        Service Co., Ltd.                                                               1,019,254.39
                                     Xinjiang TravelSky E-surfing Science and
                                        Technology Co., Ltd.                                                               86,283.19
                                     China TravelSky Holding Company Limited         482,627.94                           482,627.94
                                     TravelSky Cloud Data Co., Ltd.                2,173,846.92                         2,980,032.26
                                     China Communications Information
                                        Technology Co., Ltd                        6,922,487.21                         5,747,105.49




254
                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025




                                                                                          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   12.6 Receivables from and payables to related parties (Continued)
       12.6.1 Receivables (Continued)


                                                                             As at December 31, 2025             As at December 31, 2024
                                                                                               Provision for                        Provision for
             Item              Related party                               Book balance           bad debts    Book balance            bad debts
             Contract assets
                               China Eastern Airlines Corporation
                                  Limited and its subsidiaries               257,416.66
                               Air China Limited and its subsidiaries      4,454,432.78
                               China Southern Airlines Company Limited
                                  and its subsidiaries                        29,006.08                            16,000.00
                               Hainan Airlines Holding Co., Ltd. and its
                                  subsidiaries                                 4,335.36                             6,060.00
                               Sichuan Airlines Co., Ltd. and its
                                  subsidiaries                                 4,335.36
                               Chengdu Civil Aviation Southwest Cares
                                  Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries              11,318.40                            29,543.40
                               Dalian TravelSky Airport Network LLC           59,949.85                            15,000.00
                               Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport Network
                                  Co., Ltd.                                   32,400.00                            32,400.00
                               Xinjiang TravelSky E-surfing Science and
                                  Technology Co., Ltd.                       191,420.00                            12,520.00
                               Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network Co.,
                                  Ltd. and its subsidiaries                   10,140.00                            10,140.00
                               Shanghai Civil Aviation East China Kaiya
                                  System Integration Co., Ltd. and its
                                  subsidiaries                               374,466.12
                               Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast Kaiya
                                  Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries               5,250.00




                                                                                                                                           255
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      12.6 Receivables from and payables to related parties (Continued)
          12.6.2 Payables


                                                                                                         As at               As at
                 Item               Related party                                           December 31, 2025    December 31, 2024
                 Accounts payable
                                    China TravelSky Holding Company Limited                         968,475.59           968,475.59
                                    TravelSky Cloud Data Co., Ltd.                               15,179,263.43         9,824,652.71
                                    China Communications Information Technology Co.,
                                       Ltd.                                                       1,669,493.71         3,536,151.86
                                    China Southern Airlines Company Limited and its
                                       subsidiaries                                               3,147,432.21          376,364.79
                                    Air China Limited and its subsidiaries                          781,418.14          701,916.60
                                    China Eastern Airlines Corporation Limited and its
                                       subsidiaries                                                106,543.68
                                    Sichuan Airlines Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries                 32,513.95
                                    Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast Cares Co., Ltd. and
                                       its subsidiaries                                        157,760,233.59        160,163,523.58
                                    Chengdu Civil Aviation Southwest Cares Co., Ltd. and
                                       its subsidiaries                                          52,584,635.05        52,023,237.58
                                    Shanghai Civil Aviation East China Cares System
                                       Integration Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries              133,686,833.91        126,250,845.89
                                    Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd. and its
                                       subsidiaries                                              16,288,287.40        17,408,850.89
                                    Xinjiang TravelSky E-surfing Science and Technology
                                       Co., Ltd.                                                 27,029,076.00        28,280,746.00
                                    Guangzhou Skyecho Information Technology Co., Ltd.                                    11,667.00
                                    Hebei TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.                     1,847,511.02         1,572,625.69
                                    Dalian TravelSky Airport Network LLC                          2,909,830.65           806,383.89
                                    Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.              2,009,984.94        10,432,595.53
                                    Yantai TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.                       90,961.89           274,210.80
                                    Beijing TravelSky Borun Technology Co., Ltd.                  2,902,225.92         2,632,352.40
                                    TravelSky Mobile Technology Limited                          25,926,184.12        14,595,217.45
                 Other payables
                                    China Eastern Airlines Corporation Limited and its
                                       subsidiaries                                               3,671,656.69        21,438,326.00
                                    China Southern Airlines Company Limited and its
                                       subsidiaries                                              25,487,772.54           640,047.13
                                    Air China Limited and its subsidiaries                       42,298,389.37         1,467,835.45




256
                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025




                                                                                         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                               (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   12.6 Receivables from and payables to related parties (Continued)
       12.6.2 Payables (Continued)



                                                                                                          As at                   As at
             Item                   Related party                                            December 31, 2025        December 31, 2024
                                    Hainan Airlines Holding Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries         1,057,613.01
                                    Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd. and its
                                       subsidiaries                                                                            35,669.40
                                    TravelSky Mobile Technology Limited                             425,600.00                425,600.00
                                    Shanghai Tiantong Business Travel Agency Co., Ltd.                                            984.00
                                    China TravelSky Holding Company Limited                        7,849,552.71            11,632,948.30
                                    China Communications Information Technology Co.,
                                       Ltd.                                                         439,259.78               976,565.24
                                    TravelSky Cloud Data Co., Ltd.                                   12,780.00                 8,500.00
             Contract liabilities
                                    China Southern Airlines Company Limited and its
                                       subsidiaries                                              89,627,437.43             89,510,917.18
                                    Air China Limited and its subsidiaries                      105,058,231.47            121,805,032.43
                                    China Eastern Airlines Corporation Limited and its
                                       subsidiaries                                             238,363,549.16            142,080,093.54
                                    Hainan Airlines Holding Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries       79,019,357.43            101,341,764.49
                                    Sichuan Airlines Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries              24,412,881.81             38,367,016.93
                                    Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast Cares Co., Ltd. and
                                       its subsidiaries                                                                        59,851.92
                                    Shanghai Civil Aviation East China Cares System
                                       Integration Co., Ltd                                        2,747,033.10                12,994.50
                                    Chengdu Civil Aviation Southwest Kaiya Co., Ltd. and
                                       its subsidiaries                                              91,509.43
                                    Dalian TravelSky Airport Network LLC                                                      85,840.71
                                    Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.                535,849.05               418,074.81
                                    Xinjiang TravelSky Tianyi Technology Innovation Co.,
                                       Ltd.                                                        2,603,773.58
                                    Yantai TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.                            94.34
                                    Shanghai Tiantong Business Travel Agency Co., Ltd.                                       227,021.93
                                    TravelSky Cloud Data Co., Ltd.                                                            62,326.18
                                    China Communications Information Technology Co.,
                                       Ltd.                                                         281,841.22




                                                                                                                                   257
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      12.6 Receivables from and payables to related parties (Continued)
          12.6.2 Payables (Continued)



                                                                                            As at               As at
                  Item               Related party                             December 31, 2025    December 31, 2024
                  Current portion
                    of non-current
                    liabilities
                                     China TravelSky Holding Company Limited          306,280.00        200,213,888.89
                  Long-term
                    borrowings
                                     China TravelSky Holding Company Limited      471,200,000.00


      12.7 Centralized fund management
          None.


13 SHARE-BASED PAYMENT
      None.


14 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
      14.1 Significant commitments
          On April 16, 2020, the Company, as a limited partner, signed the Agreement on China Mobile
          Equity Fund (Hebei Xiong’an) Partnership (Limited Partnership) with China Mobile Capital Holding
          Co., Ltd. and other companies, by which the Company subscribed for a capital contribution
          of RMB1 billion. As at December 31, 2025, the Company made the actual capital contribution
          (including fund management fees) of RMB861,704,161.66.

          Except for the case mentioned above, the Group has no other commitments required to be
          disclosed.

      14.2 Contingencies
          As at December 31, 2025, the Group had no significant contingencies required to be disclosed.




258
                                                                                     Annual Report 2025




                                                                NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                              (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


15 POST BALANCE SHEET EVENTS
  15.1 Significant non-adjusting events
      A subsidiary of the Company, China Aviation Clearing Company Limited, provided a capital ring-
      fencing guarantee to its subsidiary, Beijing Asia Tech Payment Technology Co., Ltd., in respect
      of the BOP business, with a guaranteed amount of RMB500 million and a guarantee term from
      January 1, 2026 to December 31, 2026.

  15.2 Profit distribution

       Profit or dividend to be distributed (RMB)                                       807,633,846.56
       Dividend to be distributed per shares (RMB)                                               0.276


      On March 26, 2026, the board of directors proposed a final cash dividend in respect of the year
      ended December 31, 2025 totaling RMB807,633,846.56, representing RMB0.276 per share (tax
      included). The dividend is calculated based on 2,926,209,589 issued shares of the Company as at
      the balance sheet date.The proposed final dividend is subject to the approval of the shareholders
      at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company.


16 OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS
  16.1 Annuity plan
      All full-time employees of the Group participate in the basic endowment insurance established
      by the government in accordance with national policies. For the year ended December 31,
      2025, the Group contributed basic endowment insurance premiums at a rate of up to 16% of
      the employees’ basic salaries, not exceeding the cap stipulated by the relevant government
      authorities. Employees contribute basic endowment insurance premiums at a proportion of their
      salaries as prescribed by the government. Upon reaching the statutory retirement age, employees
      are entitled to receive basic pension benefits monthly. For the year ended December 31, 2025, the
      total basic endowment insurance expenses of the Group amounted to RMB236,561,775.12 (for the
      year ended December 31, 2024: RMB215,567,775.32).

      In addition, the Group has established an enterprise annuity plan. Contributions to the enterprise
      annuity plan are jointly made by the enterprise and the employees. Employees may voluntarily
      choose to participate or not participate in the enterprise annuity plan of the Company. For
      the year ended December 31, 2025, the total expenses in respect of the enterprise annuity
      plan of the Group amounted to RMB100,247,111.51 (for the year ended December 31, 2024:
      RMB88,984,793.65).

      As at December 31, 2025, the Group had no forfeited contributions available to offset its
      contributions to the defined contribution retirement plans administered by the Group in future
      years.

      As at December 31, 2025, the Group did not have any defined benefit plans.




                                                                                                   259
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


16 OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (CONTINUED)
      16.2 Segment information
          The Group’s business is mainly located in China. The Group operates business only in one
          industry, i.e., providing aviation information technology and relevant services in China. The
          Group’s revenues mainly come from its related parties and customers in China, and the revenue
          division made by the Group based on major product or service has been presented in Note 5.43.
          The Group did not prepare any segment balance sheet and income statement for period ended
          December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.

          Meanwhile, as the Group’s revenues mainly come from China, and its assets are also in China,
          there is no regional segment information presented in the Group’s financial statements.

      16.3 Auditor’s Remuneration Statement

                                                                             As at                As at
           Items                                                December 31, 2025     December 31, 2024
           Auditor’s Remuneration                                      2,124,900.00         2,124,900.00


           Total                                                       2,124,900.00         2,124,900.00


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      17.1 Accounts receivable
          17.1.1 Disclosure of accounts receivable by aging (based on invoice date)


                                                                             As at                As at
                   Aging                                        December 31, 2025     December 31, 2024
                   Within 1 year                                   3,655,086,170.24     3,975,685,791.61
                   Including: Subitem within 1 year
                   Within 6 months                                 2,602,710,142.96     2,897,397,990.87
                   7 – 12 months                                   1,052,376,027.28     1,078,287,800.74
                   1 – 2 years                                     1,246,969,578.14       756,251,494.45
                   2 – 3 years                                       135,796,887.31       348,425,060.89
                   3 – 4 years                                       310,845,019.95        48,399,939.70
                   4 – 5 years                                         9,132,309.23       138,555,045.10
                   Over 5 years                                      278,317,655.61       223,498,357.48
                   Sub-total                                       5,636,147,620.48     5,490,815,689.23
                   Less: Provision for bad debts                     963,679,675.81       989,732,625.11


                   Total                                           4,672,467,944.67     4,501,083,064.12




260
                                                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025




                                                                                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                                               (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
  17.1 Accounts receivable (Continued)
      17.1.2 Disclosure under the methods of provision for bad debts by category


                                                         As at December 31, 2025                                                          As at December 31, 2024
                                     Book balance               Provision for bad debts                               Book balance               Provision for bad debts
                                                                               Proportion                                                                       Proportion
                                                 Proportion                    of provision                                       Proportion                    of provision
            Category                  Amount            (%)          Amount            (%)       Book value            Amount            (%)          Amount            (%)        Book value

            Provision for
              bad debts
              accrued on
              an individual
              basis            820,110,133.03         14.55   478,878,763.72        58.39 341,231,369.31         937,075,594.38        17.07   622,614,708.39         66.44 314,460,885.99
            Provision for
              bad debts
              accrued on
              a portfolio
              basis           4,816,037,487.45        85.45   484,800,912.09        10.07 4,331,236,575.36 4,553,740,094.85            82.93   367,117,916.72          8.06 4,186,622,178.13


            Total             5,636,147,620.48      100.00    963,679,675.81                  4,672,467,944.67 5,490,815,689.23      100.00    989,732,625.11                  4,501,083,064.12




                                                                                                                                                                                       261
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
      17.1 Accounts receivable (Continued)
          17.1.2 Disclosure under the methods of provision for bad debts by category (Continued)
               Provision for bad debts accrued on an individual basis:

                                                     As at December 31, 2025                         As at December 31, 2024
                                     Accounts    Provision for Proportion of Reason for               Accounts    Provision for
                 Name               receivable      bad debts provision (%) provision                receivable      bad debts
                 Customer 1     247,190,566.69   47,507,434.54        19.22 Poor financial        233,931,425.17   50,504,038.94
                                                                              situation
                 Customer 2     184,398,119.10 184,398,119.10        100.00 Significant           182,618,679.13 182,618,679.13
                                                                              uncertainty as
                                                                              to recoverability
                 Customer 3     153,754,954.72 146,065,215.60         95.00 Operating             148,121,954.26 132,043,017.56
                                                                              difficulties
                 Customer 4      71,665,376.40   34,870,718.93        48.66 Significant            62,246,713.30   34,005,774.28
                                                                              uncertainty as
                                                                              to recoverability
                 Customer 5      24,511,337.63    6,135,134.25        25.03 Poor financial         54,499,754.25   39,276,262.72
                                                                              situation
                 Customer 6      23,392,944.35    3,509,150.19        15.00 Poor financial         57,194,823.29   45,248,042.32
                                                                              situation
                 Customer 7      22,866,265.84   13,231,590.61        57.87 Poor financial         79,762,103.19   69,810,061.38
                                                                              situation
                 Customer 8      19,461,818.54    4,054,530.90        20.83 Poor financial         18,162,189.27    3,906,929.28
                                                                              situation
                 Others          72,868,749.76   39,106,869.60        53.67                       100,537,952.52   65,201,902.78


                 Total          820,110,133.03 478,878,763.72                                     937,075,594.38 622,614,708.39




262
                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025




                                                                                           NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                                   (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
  17.1 Accounts receivable (Continued)
      17.1.2 Disclosure under the methods of provision for bad debts by category (Continued)
           Provision for bad debts accrued on a portfolio basis:

           Item accrued on a portfolio basis:

                                                                                     As at December 31, 2025
                                                                              Accounts      Provision for    Proportion of
            Name                                                             receivable        bad debts     provision (%)
            Accounts receivable from
              third-parties                                         1,564,663,694.96                 484,800,912.09                         30.98
            Accounts receivable from
              related parties                                       3,251,373,792.49


            Total                                                   4,816,037,487.45                 484,800,912.09


      17.1.3 Provision, reversal or recovery of provision for bad debts in Year 2025


                                                                                     Changes in the current period
                                                 As at December                       Reversal or       Write-off or                 As at December
            Item                                        31, 2024         Provision      Recovery         Charge-off    Other changes        31, 2025
            Provision for bad debts accrued
              on an individual basis              622,614,708.39 -133,440,039.66     10,295,905.01                                    478,878,763.72
            Provision for bad debts accrued on
              a portfolio basis                   367,117,916.72    117,726,183.69                        43,188.32                   484,800,912.09


            Total                                 989,732,625.11    -15,713,855.97   10,295,905.01        43,188.32                   963,679,675.81




                                                                                                                                               263
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
      17.1Accounts receivable (Continued)
          17.1.3 Provision, reversal or recovery of provision for bad debts in Year 2025 (Continued)
               Of which, significant amounts of bad debt provisions recovered or reversed during the
               period:

                                                                                                             Basis for
                                                                                                             recognizing the
                                                     Amount                                                  original bad debt
                                                  recovered                                                  provision and its
                   Name of entity                or reversed Reason for reversal        Method of collection reasonableness
                   Customer a                     627,033.34 Collection pursuant        Cash collection      Poor financial
                                                               to bankruptcy and                               condition
                                                               reorganization agreement
                   Customer b                   9,668,871.67 Payments received from     Cash collection      Deteriorated
                                                               the other party in the                          operating condition
                                                               current period


                   Total                       10,295,905.01


          17.1.4 Details of accounts receivable actually written off during the period


                   Item                                                                                   Amount written off
                   Accounts receivable actually written off                                                         43,188.32


          17.1.5 Top Five Customers by Ending Balance of Accounts Receivable and Contract Assets
               The aggregate ending balance of accounts receivable and contract assets for the top five
               customers by customer balance is RMB2,589,683,152.78, accounting for 45.10% of the total
               ending balance of accounts receivable and contract assets. The corresponding accumulated
               provision for bad debts as at the end of the period amounted to RMB232,505,553.65.

      17.2 Other receivables

                                                                                        As at             As at
           Item                                                             December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024
           Interest receivable
           Dividends receivable                                                     51,786,700.00             52,433,800.00
           Other receivables                                                       295,480,028.38            312,323,447.16


           Total                                                                   347,266,728.38            364,757,247.16



264
                                                                                    Annual Report 2025




                                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                               (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
  17.2 Other receivables (Continued)
      17.2.1 Dividends receivable
           Details of dividends receivable

                                                                           As at               As at
            Item (or investee)                                December 31, 2025    December 31, 2024
            Xi’an Civil Aviation Kaiya Technology Co., Ltd.         4,735,100.00
            Hubei Civil Aviation Kaiya Co., Ltd.                    1,125,000.00
            Shanghai Civil Aviation East China
               Kaiya System Integration Co., Ltd.                                        2,050,000.00
            Yunnan Hangxin Airport Network Co., Ltd.                                     2,560,000.00
            Xinjiang Civil Aviation Kaiya Information
               Network Co., Ltd.                                   20,127,500.00        29,412,700.00
            Hainan Civil Aviation Kaiya Co., Ltd.                   9,079,100.00         7,711,100.00
            Qingdao Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.                 11,220,000.00        10,200,000.00
            Xinjiang TravelSky E-surfing Science and
               Technology Co., Ltd.                                 5,500,000.00           500,000.00
            Sub-total                                              51,786,700.00        52,433,800.00
            Less: Provision for bad debts


            Total                                                  51,786,700.00        52,433,800.00


      17.2.2 Other receivables
           (1)   Disclosure by aging

                                                                           As at               As at
                    Aging                                     December 31, 2025    December 31, 2024
                    Within 1 year                                  99,276,329.16        99,846,693.29
                    Including: Subitem within 1 year
                    Within 6 months                               98,321,432.16         86,388,449.60
                    7 – 12 months                                    954,897.00         13,458,243.69
                    1 – 2 years                                   17,817,335.38         67,728,759.40
                    2 – 3 years                                   36,995,910.07         17,486,628.25
                    3 – 4 years                                   16,236,274.49          9,328,105.81
                    4 – 5 years                                    8,978,105.66          2,309,474.98
                    Over 5 years                                 116,176,073.62        115,623,785.43
                    Sub-total                                    295,480,028.38        312,323,447.16
                    Less: Provision for bad debts


                    Total                                        295,480,028.38        312,323,447.16


                                                                                                 265
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
      17.2 Other receivables (Continued)
          17.2.2 Other receivables (Continued)
               (2)   Disclosure under the methods of provision for bad debts by category


                                                                     As at December 31, 2025                                                     As at December 31, 2024
                                                  Book balance            Provision for bad debts                              Book balance            Provision for bad debts
                                                                                        Proportion                                                                   Proportion
                                                            Proportion                 of provision                                       Proportion                of provision
                      Category                   Amount             (%)      Amount             (%)        Book value          Amount            (%)      Amount             (%)      Book value

                      Provision for bad
                        debts accrued
                        on an individual
                        basis
                      Provision for
                        bad debts on
                        portfolio basis
                        of credit risk
                        characteristics 295,480,028.38           100.00                                 295,480,028.38   312,323,447.16       100.00                               312,323,447.16


                      Total                295,480,028.38        100.00                                 295,480,028.38   312,323,447.16       100.00                               312,323,447.16


                     Provision for bad debts on portfolio basis of credit risk characteristics:

                     Item accrued on a portfolio basis:

                                                                                                               As at December 31, 2025
                                                                                                            Other     Provision for  Proportion of
                      Portfolio                                                                       receivables        bad debts    provision (%)
                      Related parties                                                        57,797,754.64
                      Third parties                                                         237,682,273.74


                      Total                                                                 295,480,028.38




266
                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025




                                                                                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                              (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
  17.2 Other receivables (Continued)
      17.2.2 Other receivables (Continued)
           (3)   Classification of other receivables by the nature of payment

                                                                                                As at                        As at
                  Nature                                                           December 31, 2025             December 31, 2024
                  Insurance reserve funds of personnel
                    stationed abroad                                                      106,446,937.42                 96,618,231.78
                  Advance payments                                                         43,546,773.31                 71,906,010.51
                  Deposit payments                                                          5,835,906.78                  6,597,859.28
                  Reserve funds                                                                44,852.68                    124,153.49
                  Others                                                                  139,605,558.19                137,077,192.10


                  Total                                                                   295,480,028.38                312,323,447.16


           (4)   Details of the Top Five Other Receivables by Ending Balance Grouped by

                                                                                                                   Percentage
                                                                                                                of Total Other
                                                                                                                  Receivables Provision for Bad
                                                                              As at December                           Ending Debts Ending
                  Name of Entity                       Nature of Amounts             31, 2025 Aging               Balance (%) Balance
                  TravelSky International Limited      Intercompany            137,854,638.62 0-5 years                46.65
                                                         borrowings
                  Infosky Technology Co., Ltd.         Insurance reserve        35,357,303.92 Within 6 months          11.97
                                                         funds of personnel
                                                         stationed abroad
                  Beijing Civil Aviation Information   Insurance reserve        10,044,833.24 Within 6 months            3.40
                    Technology Co., Ltd.                 funds of personnel
                                                         stationed abroad
                  Xinjiang Civil Aviation Kaiya        Insurance reserve         7,777,585.05 Within 6 months            2.63
                    Information Network Co., Ltd.        funds of personnel
                                                         stationed abroad
                  China Communications                 Insurance reserve         6,922,487.21 Within 6 months            2.34
                    Information Technology Co., Ltd.     funds of personnel
                                                         stationed abroad


                  Total                                                        197,956,848.04                          66.99




                                                                                                                                         267
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
      17.3 Long-term equity investments

                                                   As at December 31, 2025                                  As at December 31, 2024
                                                         Provision for                                             Provision for
           Category                      Book balance     impairment              Book value      Book balance      impairment             Book value

           Investment in subsidiary   2,066,899,557.32                       2,066,899,557.32   2,066,899,557.32                      2,066,899,557.32
           Investment in associates
             and joint ventures        712,981,968.32                         712,981,968.32     682,451,949.73                        682,451,949.73


           Total                      2,779,881,525.64                       2,779,881,525.64   2,749,351,507.05                      2,749,351,507.05




268
                                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025




                                                                                                           NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                               For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                                             (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
  17.3 Long-term equity investments (Continued)
      17.3.1 Investment in subsidiaries


                                                                                                                   Increase/decrease in 2025                        Provision for
                                                                              Provision for                                                                          impairment
                                                                             impairment as                              Provision for                                       as at
                                                           As at December     at December     Additional     Reduced impairment                   As at December      December
            Investees                                             31, 2024        31, 2024    investment   investment        in 2025    Others           31, 2025       31, 2025

            Hainan Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.            10,205,095.00                                                                          10,205,095.00
            Shenzhen Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.           4,302,941.18                                                                           4,302,941.18
            Hubei Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.             11,446,825.00                                                                          11,446,825.00
            Chongqing Civil Aviation Cares
              Information Technology Co., Ltd.                4,998,000.00                                                                           4,998,000.00
            Xiamen Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.             1,020,000.00                                                                           1,020,000.00
            Infosky Information Technology Co., Ltd.        153,820,754.50                                                                         153,820,754.50
            Qingdao Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.            1,020,000.00                                                                           1,020,000.00
            Xi’an Civil Aviation Cares
              Technology Co., Ltd.                            1,020,000.00                                                                           1,020,000.00
            Civil Aviation Cares Technology
              of Xinjiang Co., Ltd.                           1,530,000.00                                                                           1,530,000.00
            Guangzhou TravelSky Technology Limited          400,000,000.00                                                                         400,000,000.00
            Shanghai TravelSky Technology Limited             4,000,000.00                                                                           4,000,000.00
            China Aviation Accounting Co., Ltd.             853,519,487.07                                                                         853,519,487.07
            TravelSky International Limited                  11,364,427.02                                                                          11,364,427.02
            TravelSky Technology (Singapore) Limited        353,594,927.55                                                                         353,594,927.55
            TravelSky Cares (Beijing) Property Co., Ltd.     10,000,000.00                                                                          10,000,000.00
            Hunan TravelSky Technology Limited               30,000,000.00                                                                          30,000,000.00
            Inner Mongolia Civil Aviation
              Information Technology Co., Ltd.                5,000,000.00                                                                           5,000,000.00
            Beijing TravelSky Travel Service Co., Ltd.       72,000,000.00                                                                          72,000,000.00
            Travelsky Yunzhi Technology
               (Beijing) Co., Ltd.                           50,000,000.00                                                                          50,000,000.00
            Henan Civil Aviation Information
              Technology Co., Ltd.                           10,000,000.00                                                                          10,000,000.00




                                                                                                                                                                          269
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
      17.3 Long-term equity investments (Continued)
          17.3.1 Investment in subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                                                                                 Increase/decrease in 2025                        Provision for
                                                                            Provision for                                                                          impairment
                                                                           impairment as                              Provision for                                       as at
                                                        As at December      at December     Additional     Reduced impairment                  As at December       December
                 Investees                                     31, 2024         31, 2024    investment   investment        in 2025    Others           31, 2025       31, 2025

                 Zhejiang Civil Aviation Information
                   Technology Co., Ltd.                   19,047,100.00                                                                          19,047,100.00
                 Beijing TravelSky Technology Limited     50,010,000.00                                                                          50,010,000.00
                 Guangzhou Skyecho Information
                   Technology Co., Ltd.                     4,000,000.00                                                                           4,000,000.00
                 TravelSky Digital Intelligence
                   Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.           5,000,000.00                                                                           5,000,000.00


                 Total                                  2,066,899,557.32                                                                       2,066,899,557.32




270
                                                                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025




                                                                                                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                                                           (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
  17.3 Long-term equity investments (Continued)
      17.3.2 Investments in associates and joint ventures


                                                                                                                                      Increase/decrease in 2025

                                                                                                        Profit or                                          Cash                                              Provision

                                                            Provision for                                 loss on                                      dividends                                                   for

                                                             impairment                              investments        Adjustment                     or profits                                           impairment

                                                   As at            as at                             recognized           to other                     declared                                 As at           as at

                                              December        December      Additional     Reduced     under the     comprehensive     Changes in          to be Provision for               December        December

            Investees                           31, 2024        31, 2024    investment   investment equity method          income other equity       distributed    impairment    Others      31, 2025        31, 2025

            1. Joint ventures

            Heilongjiang TravelSky

              Airport Network Co., Ltd. 26,353,430.47                                                3,917,051.76                                   1,000,000.00                           29,270,482.23

            Dalian TravelSky Airport

              Network LLC                  26,365,554.68                                             3,105,883.13                                   5,000,000.00                           24,471,437.81

            Hebei TravelSky Airport

              Network Co., Ltd.            15,926,740.70                                             1,979,634.11                                   1,000,000.00                           16,906,374.81

            Xinjiang Hangxin Tianyi

              Technology Innovation Co.,

              Ltd.                         31,548,971.16                                             9,404,606.29                                   5,000,000.00                           35,953,577.45

            Yunnan TravelSky Airport

              Network Co., Ltd.            117,000,426.96                                            6,892,436.96                                   1,500,000.00                           122,392,863.92



            Sub-total                      217,195,123.97                                            25,299,612.25                                  13,500,000.00                          228,994,736.22

            2. Associates

            Beijing TravelSky Borun

              Technology Co., Ltd.         61,237,607.23                                             7,103,292.24                                                                          68,340,899.47

            TravelSky Mobile Technology

              Limited                      35,331,290.71                                             -9,014,747.81                                                                         26,316,542.90

            Shanghai Civil Aviation

              East China Cares System

              Integration Co., Ltd.        94,315,008.91                                             1,905,428.47       467,210.85                  2,050,000.00                           94,637,648.23

            Shenyang Civil Aviation

              Northeast Cares Co., Ltd. 164,649,228.86                                               14,757,618.66                                  2,861,200.00                           176,545,647.52




                                                                                                                                                                                                               271
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
      17.3 Long-term equity investments (Continued)
          17.3.2 Investments in associates and joint ventures (Continued)

                                                                                                                                       Increase/decrease in 2025

                                                                                                         Profit or                                          Cash                                             Provision

                                                             Provision for                                loss on                                       dividends                                                  for

                                                              impairment                              investments        Adjustment                     or profits                                          impairment

                                                    As at            as at                             recognized           to other                     declared                                 As at          as at

                                               December        December      Additional     Reduced     under the     comprehensive     Changes in          to be Provision for              December        December

                 Investees                       31, 2024        31, 2024    investment   investment equity method          income other equity       distributed    impairment   Others      31, 2025        31, 2025

                 Chengdu Civil Aviation

                   Southwest Cares Co., Ltd 94,656,368.59                                             11,651,467.05                                  2,601,800.00                          103,706,035.64

                 Guangzhou Airport Hangyi

                   Information Technology

                   Co., Ltd.                 6,946,968.81                                              655,609.85                                      600,000.00                          7,002,578.66

                 Yantai TravelSky Airport

                   Network Co., Ltd.         8,120,352.65                                              757,527.03                                    1,440,000.00                          7,437,879.68



                 Sub-total                  465,256,825.76                                            27,816,195.49      467,210.85                  9,553,000.00                          483,987,232.10



                 Total                      682,451,949.73                                            53,115,807.74      467,210.85                  23,053,000.00                         712,981,968.32




272
                                                                                               Annual Report 2025




                                                                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
  17.4 Operating revenue and operating costs
      17.4.1 Operating revenue and operating costs


                                                      Year 2025                             Year 2024
               Item                               Revenue                Cost           Revenue                 Cost
               Primary business            6,858,162,073.37   3,418,318,060.77   7,031,500,960.54    3,605,842,241.51
               Other business                 12,795,001.14       8,273,846.19      25,902,723.88        8,252,487.03


               Total                       6,870,957,074.51   3,426,591,906.96   7,057,403,684.42    3,614,094,728.54


      17.4.2 Significant contractual changes or significant transaction price adjustments


                                                                                              Amount of impact
               Item                                  Accounting treatment                          on revenue
               Airline Service Agreement             Changes in contracts, offset by                -63,675,505.96
                 Fee Model                             income in the period in which
                                                       the contract is changed


               Total                                                                                -63,675,505.96


  17.5 Investment income

       Item                                                                      Year 2025               Year 2024
       Long-term equity investment income calculated under the
         cost method                                                        17,119,361.93           13,032,745.31
       Long-term equity investment income calculated under the
         equity method                                                      53,231,102.27           28,298,087.79
       Investment income from disposal of long-term equity
         investment                                                                                 19,878,277.93
       Investment income from trading financial assets during
         the holding period                                                 17,505,692.03           30,197,201.10
       Interest income from debt investments during the
         holding period                                                     15,359,656.64


       Total                                                               103,215,812.87           91,406,312.13


                                                                           TRAVELSKY TECHNOLOGY LIMITED

                                                                                                    March 26, 2026


                                                                                                                 273
TravelSky Technology Limited




BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT
AND COMPANY SECRETARY
As of the latest practicable date April 15, 2026 before the issue date of this report

DIRECTORS
Mr. Jiang Bo, 58 years old, Chairman, Executive Director and secretary of the Party Committee of
the Company, graduated from Hangzhou Dianzi University (formerly Hangzhou Institute of Electronic
Engineering* (杭州電子工業學院)) majoring in circuits and systems and is a doctoral supervisor and senior
engineer (second grade researcher-level). From May 1992 to December 2011, he worked at the 26th
Research Institute of China Electronics Technology Group Corporation* (中國電子科技集團公司第二十六研究
所), successively holding the positions of deputy director of department, director, assistant to the director,
deputy secretary of the Party Committee (presiding), and deputy director. From December 2011 to July 2016,
he served as director and deputy secretary of the Party Committee of the 33rd Research Institute of China
Electronics Technology Group Corporation* (中國電子科技集團公司第三十三研究所). From October 2014
to July 2016, he served as director and executive deputy general manager (chief member level) of China
Electronic Science and Technology Network Information Security Co., Ltd.* (中國電子科技網絡信息安全有限
公司). From November 2016 to March 2021, he worked at China Electronics Technology Software Information
Service Co., Ltd.* (中電科軟件信息服務有限公司), successively holding positions as director, deputy general
manager (chief member level), general manager, deputy secretary of the Party Committee, chairman, and
secretary of the Party Committee. From July 2016 to April 2019, he served as director and deputy secretary
of the Party Committee of the 32nd Research Institute of China Electronics Technology Group Corporation*
(中國電子科技集團公司第三十二研究所). From April 2019 to December 2021, he served as director and
secretary of the Party Committee of the 32nd Research Institute of China Electronics Technology Group
Corporation* (中國電子科技集團公司第三十二研究所). From November 2019 to February 2026, he served
as chairman of CETC Digital Technology Co., Ltd.* (中電科數字技術股份有限公司) (listed on the Shanghai
Stock Exchange, stock code: 600850, formerly Shanghai East-China Computer Co., Ltd.* (上海華東計算機
股份有限公司)). From March 2021 to December 2025, he served as chairman and secretary of the Party
Committee of China Electronics Technology Digital Technology (Group) Co., Ltd.* (中電科數字科技(集團)有
限公司), and concurrently as a director of Cethik Group Co., Ltd.* (中電海康集團有限公司). From December
2021 to December 2025, he served as secretary of the Party Committee of the 32nd Research Institute of
China Electronics Technology Group Corporation* (中國電子科技集團公司第三十二研究所). From July 2024
to February 2026, he served as secretary of the Party Committee of CETC Digital Technology Co., Ltd.* (中
電科數字技術股份有限公司) (listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, stock code: 600850). Since November
2025, he has been serving as Chairman of the Board, Party Committee Secretary of China TravelSky Holding
Company Limited and Party Committee Secretary of the Company. Since December 2025, he has been
serving as the Chairman and an Executive Director of the seventh session of the Board of the Company,
and appointed as the Chief Member (Chairman) of the Nomination Committee and the Strategy Committee.
China TravelSky Holding Company Limited has interests in the shares of the Company which would fall to be
disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, and Mr. Jiang is
the Chairman of China TravelSky Holding Company Limited.




274
                                                                                            Annual Report 2025




                            BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND COMPANY SECRETARY
                           As of the latest practicable date April 15, 2026 before the issue date of this report



Mr. Sun Yuquan, aged 53, Non-executive Director of the Company, graduated from Nanjing University of
Science and Technology majoring in accounting. He is a researcher-level senior engineer and a senior
accountant. He served as the general manager of the finance department of China Rong Tong Asset
Management Group Corporation Limited from July 2019 to February 2022. He has been serving as the chief
accountant and a member of the Communist Party Group of China National Aviation Holding Corporation
Limited* (中國航空集團有限公司) since February 2022. Since March 2022, he has been serving as a member
of the Standing Committee of the Communist Party Committee of Air China Limited, and concurrently as the
chairman of China National Aviation Capital Holding Co., Ltd. and the chairman of China National Aviation
Media Co., Ltd. He has served as a Non-executive Director of Cathay Pacific Airways Limited, a company
listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 00293), since May 2022. He has been
serving as the chief accountant of Air China Limited since March 2023. He served as the Chairman of China
National Aviation Finance Co., Ltd. from November 2023 to April 2025, and has been serving as the Chairman
of China National Aviation Corporation (Group) Limited since April 2024. Since January 2024, Mr. Sun has
been serving as a Non-executive Director of the seventh session of the Board of the Company and has been
appointed as a member of the Strategy Committee. China National Aviation Holding Corporation Limited has
interests in the shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions
of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, and Mr. Sun is the chief accountant of China National Aviation
Holding Corporation Limited.

Mr. Qu Guangji, aged 56, Non-executive Director of the Company, holds a bachelor’s degree in economics
from Xi’an Statistical Institute and has obtained a part-time master’s degree in economics from Dongbei
University of Finance and Economics and a part-time executive master’s degree in business administration
from Tsinghua University — Ecole des Ponts Paris Tech and Ecole Nationale de l’Aviation Civile. He is an
economist. Mr. Qu started his career in July 1993 and served in various positions including the general
manager and Deputy Secretary of the CPC General Committee of the capacity network division of Commercial
Steering Committee of China Southern Airlines Co., Ltd.* (中國南方航空股份有限公司) (“China Southern
Airlines”), the general manager and Deputy Secretary of the CPC General Committee of the network income
division of Commercial Steering Committee of China Southern Airlines, and the deputy director and Member
of Party Committee of Commercial Steering Committee of China Southern Airlines. Mr. Qu served as the
general manager and Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee of the Hubei branch of China Southern
Airlines in April 2017; the executive vice president and Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee of Xinjiang
branch of China Southern Airlines in March 2019; the general manager and Deputy Secretary of the Party
Committee of Xinjiang branch of China Southern Airlines in July 2019; the general manager and Deputy
Secretary of the Party Committee of Shenzhen branch of China Southern Airlines in August 2021; the deputy
general manager and Party Member of China Southern Air Holding Company Limited and the deputy general
manager of China Southern Airlines from August 2023 to January 2026. Since January 2024, Mr. Qu has
been serving as a Non-executive Director of the seventh session of the Board of the Company and has been
appointed as a member of the Strategy Committee. He has been serving as director, general manager, and
deputy secretary of the party group of China National Aviation Holding Corporation Limited since January
2026. China National Aviation Holding Corporation Limited has interests in the shares of the Company which
would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO,
and Mr. Qu is a director and general manager of China National Aviation Holding Corporation Limited.




                                                                                                           275
TravelSky Technology Limited




BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND COMPANY SECRETARY
As of the latest practicable date April 15, 2026 before the issue date of this report



Ms. He Xiaoqun, 52 years old, Non-executive Director of the Company, holds a Master’s degree in Economics
from Xiamen University and a Master’s degree in Business Administration for Senior Management from
Tsinghua University, as well as a Senior Human Resource Manager, is currently a vice president and
member of the Party Group of China Eastern Air Holding Company Limited (“CEA Holding”), a vice president
and a member of the Standing Committee of the Party Committee of China Eastern Airlines Corporation
Limited (‘‘CEA’’, a company listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Shanghai
Stock Exchange; Stock Code: 00670 (Hong Kong Stock Exchange); 600115 (Shanghai Stock Exchange)). Ms.
He joined the civil aviation industry in 2001 and held the positions as the general manager of the human
resources department of China Southern Airlines Company Limited (‘‘CSA’’, a company listed on the Main
Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Shanghai Stock Exchange; Stock Code: 001055 (Hong
Kong Stock Exchange); 600029 (Shanghai Stock Exchange)), the general manager of the human resources
department of China Southern Air Holding Company Limited, the chairperson and the secretary of the Party
Committee of China Southern Airlines Cargo Logistics (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd., the vice president and the
secretary of the Party Committee of the Engineering Technology Branch (Aircraft Engineering Department)
of CSA. Since December 2024, she has been serving as a vice president and member of the Party Group of
CEA Holding and a member of the Standing Committee of the Party Committee of CEA. Since January 2025,
she has been concurrently serving as a vice president of CEA. Since June 2025, Ms. He has been serving as
a Non-executive Director of the seventh session of the Board of the Company and has been appointed as a
member of the Strategy Committee.China Eastern Airlines Group Co., Ltd. has interests in the shares of the
Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part
XV of the SFO, and Ms. He is the vice general manager of China Eastern Airlines Group Co., Ltd.

Mr. Liu Zehong, aged 65, an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company, graduated from China
Electric Power Research Institute with a master’s degree. Mr. Liu Zehong, a professor-level senior engineer,
has been committed to the research and development of key technologies, core equipment and construction
of major projects for ultra high voltage (UHV) power transmission. From 2005 to 2011, Mr. Liu Zehong
successively served as the deputy director of the UHV office, the construction and operation department
and the UHV department of State Grid Corporation of China* (國家電網有限公司) (formerly known as State
Grid Corporation* (國家電網公司)). He served as the head of the DC construction department of State Grid
Corporation of China from 2011 to 2015, assistant to the general manager of State Grid Corporation of China
in 2015, and executive vice president (member of the Party Group) of State Grid Corporation of China from
2015 to 2021. Since September 2022, Mr. Liu Zehong has been the executive vice chairman of the Global
Energy Interconnection Development and Cooperation Organization* (全球能源互聯網發展合作組織). He has
been serving as an external director of China Huaneng Corporation Ltd* (中國華能集團有限公司) since May
2025. Mr. Liu has served as an Independent Non-executive Director of the seventh session of the Board
of the Company, the Chief Member (Chairman) of the Remuneration Committee, a member of the Audit
Committee and the Nomination Committee since September 2022, as well as a member of the Strategy
Committee since January 2023.




276
                                                                                            Annual Report 2025




                            BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND COMPANY SECRETARY
                           As of the latest practicable date April 15, 2026 before the issue date of this report



Mr. Chan Wing Tak Kevin, aged 60, serves as an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company,
Chinese nationality and a resident of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region. Mr. Chan has been a member
of the 13th Guangdong Provincial Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference since
January 2023. He is currently chief executive officer of Concentric Education Foundation (Hong Kong) and
executive vice president of Chinese Banking Association of Hong Kong and he also serves as an Independent
Non-executive Director of China Communications Construction Company Limited (SEHK, Stock Code: 01800;
SSE, Stock Code: 601800) and Royale Home Holdings Limited (SEHK, Stock Code: 01198). Mr. Chan Wing Tak
Kevin has extensive experience in finance, securities and banking. He held positions as the head of research
division of Nomura International (Hong Kong) Limited in China and Hong Kong and the director of banking
department thereof in Asia region, the head of China and Hong Kong Financial Department of CLSA, a
senior advisor of KPMG China and a member of the Stock Exchange Listing Review Committee, a member of
Election Committee (Finance) of The Government and a member of the Chief Executive’s Policy Unit (CEPU)
Expert Group of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, a member of the Hong Kong Independent
Police Complaints Council. Mr. Chan Wing Tak Kevin graduated from London School of Economics and
Political Science with a master’s degree in economics and has qualification of Fellow Certified Practising
Accountant in Australia. Since September 2022, he has served as an Independent Non-executive Director,
the Chief Member (Chairman) of the Audit Committee, and a member of the Remuneration Committee
of our seventh session of the Board of Directors. He has served as a member of the Financial Education
Coordination Committee upon appointment by the SFC of Hong Kong since September 1, 2025.

Mr. Xu Hongzhi, aged 64, an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company, graduated with a major
in information processing from Electronic Engineering Department of Northwest Telecommunication
Engineering Institute (currently known as Xidian University) and holds an executive master’s degree in
business administration of Xiamen University, a professor-level senior engineer and entitled to a special
government allowance provided by the State Council. Mr. Xu Hongzhi successively served as a teaching
assistant of Department 2 of Changchun Institute of Posts and Telecommunications, an assistant Engineer,
and engineer of the software division, the deputy head and the head of the research division of the 10th
Institute of the Posts and Telecommunications Department and a deputy manager of the Engineering
Department of Xi’an Datang Telecom Co., Ltd.* (西安大唐電信有限公司) from August 1983 to May 1996.
He served as the deputy director of the 10th Institute of the Posts and Telecommunications Department
from May 1996 to February 2001, the director and the secretary of party committee of the 10th Institute of
Telecommunications, Science and Technology from February 2001 to March 2003, the deputy head and a
member of the Party Group of the Telecommunications, Science and Technology Research Institute from
March 2003 to December 2017. He concurrently served as the head of the Data Telecommunications,
Science and Technology Institute from January 2005 to June 2009, a vice general manager and a member
of the standing committee of the Communist Party Committee of China Academy of Telecommunications
Technology Co., Ltd. from December 2017 to June 2018, and a member of the standing committee of
the Communist Party Committee and a vice general manager of China Information and Communication
Technology Group Co., Ltd. from June 2018 to November 2021. He has been serving as an external
director of GRINM Group Corporation Limited since June 2022. Since September 2022, he has served as an
Independent Non-executive Director and a member of the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee
and the Nomination Committee of our seventh session of the Board of Directors.




                                                                                                           277
TravelSky Technology Limited




BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND COMPANY SECRETARY
As of the latest practicable date April 15, 2026 before the issue date of this report



Ms. Liang Shuang, aged 54, employee representative Director with a postgraduate degree in economic
management, a professorate senior economist. She started her career in August 1992 and has over 30 years
of work and management experience in China’s civil aviation industry. Ms. Liang joined Accounting Centre of
China Aviation* (中國航空結算中心, currently Accounting Centre of China Aviation Limited Company* (中國
航空結算有限責任公司)) in December 1998. From November 2004 to February 2010, Ms. Liang served as the
deputy general manager of the Human Resources Department of the Accounting Centre of China Aviation*
(中國航空結算中心) and presided over the work. From February 2010 to August 2013, Ms. Liang served as
deputy head of the office of the Company. From August 2013 to January 2014, Ms. Liang served as temporary
deputy secretary of the party committee, temporary secretary of the disciplinary inspection committee
and chairman of the labor union of the operation centre of the Company. From January 2014 to October
2016, Ms. Liang served as temporary deputy secretary of the party committee, temporary secretary of the
disciplinary inspection committee, chairman of the labor union and deputy general manager of the operation
centre of the Company. From October 2016 to January 2021, Ms. Liang served as secretary of the disciplinary
inspection committee, chairman of the labor union and deputy general manager of the operation centre of
the Company. Since October 2017, Ms. Liang has been a member of the disciplinary inspection committee of
China TravelSky Holding Company* (中國民航信息集團公司) and the Company. Since August 2020, she served
as the director of labor union office of China TravelSky Holding Company and the Company. Since January
2022, she served as the vice-president of the full-time labor union of China TravelSky Holding Company and
the Company. From January 2020 to January 17, 2024, Ms. Liang served as the employee representative
supervisor of the Company. Since January 23, 2025, Ms. Liang served as the employee representative
director of the seventh session of the Board of the Company. China TravelSky Holding Company Limited has
interests in the shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions
of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, and Ms. Liang Shuang is the vice-president of the full-time labor
union of China TravelSky Holding Company Limited.


SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Mr. Liu Xianqing, aged 58, chief accountant and a member of the Standing Committee of the Communist
Party Committee of the Company, graduated from Renmin University of China, majoring in trade economics,
and held an executive master degree of business administration from Zhongnan University of Economics
and Law, a professorate senior accountant. Mr. Liu was engaged in financial management in Beijing
General Research Institute of Mining & Metallurgy (北京礦冶研究總院) from 1989 to December 2017, during
which he served as the Director of the Department of Finance, a member of the Party Committee and chief
accountant. He served as the chief accountant and a member of the Party Committee of BGRIMM Technology
Group Co., Ltd. (北京礦冶科技集團有限公司) from December 2017 to June 2018. He also served as the chief
accountant and a member of the Party Committee of China GRINM Group Corporation Limited (中國有研科
技集團有限公司) from June 2018 to August 2024. Since August 2024, he has been a member of the Standing
Committee of the Party Committee of China TravelSky Holding Company Limited (中國民航信息集團有限公司)
and the Company. Since September 2024, he has been the chief accountant of the Company.




278
                                                                                           Annual Report 2025




                            BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND COMPANY SECRETARY
                          As of the latest practicable date April 15, 2026 before the issue date of this report



Mr. Li Jinsong, aged 56, vice general manager and a member of the Standing Committee of the Communist
Party Committee of the Company, graduated from the Department of Automation at Tsinghua University in
1990 and holds a bachelor degree of engineering, master degree of business administration and a doctor
of philosophy degree in law from Tsinghua University. He is currently a senior engineer, certified public
accountant, lawyer and an arbitrator of the Beijing Arbitration Commission. Mr. Li served as a business
manager of the Investment Management Department of China Huaqing Industrial Corporation* (中國華輕
實業公司) from August 1990 to September 1995, the general manager of Liaoning Huaqing Inc.* (遼寧華
輕實業有限責任公司) from September 1995 to September 2000, and the assistant to general manager of
China Huaqing Industrial Corporation from September 2000 to March 2002. He served as a certified public
accountant of Xinhua Accounting Firm* (新華會計師事務所) from March 2002 to February 2004, and served
as associate professor and a member of the Academic Committee of Beijing National Accounting Institute
from February 2004 to March 2007 (during this period, he was also a research scholar at the London
School of Economics and Political Science). In March 2007, he held the position of general counsel of China
TravelSky Holding Company. From August 2007 to December 2008, he also served as the general manager of
Department of Corporate Audit Monitoring and Law Affairs* (公司審計監察與法律事務部) of China TravelSky
Holding Company. From December 2008 to March 2014, Mr. Li has been the general counsel of the
Company. Mr. Li served as the chief accountant of China Academy of Machinery Science and Technology* (機
械科學研究總院) from March 2014 to September 2016. From November 2016 to September 2024, he served
as the Chief Accountant of the Company. Since September 2016, Mr. Li has been serving as a member of the
standing committee of Communist Party Committee of China TravelSky Holding Company Limited and the
Company. Since November 2016, Mr. Li has been serving as the vice general manager of the Company.

Mr. Liang Haifeng, aged 54, vice general manager and a member of the Standing Committee of the
Communist Party Committee of the Company, graduated from Beijing University of Technology with a double
bachelor degree in engineering and management, a professorate senior engineer. From July 1995 to April
2001, Mr. Liang Haifeng worked in the China Civil Aviation Computer Center (now known as China TravelSky
Holding Company Limited, one of the promoters of the Company). He successively worked in the Operation
department, reservation department and marketing department of the Company. From November 2004
to February 2010, Mr. Liang served as the deputy general manager of the company’s global distribution
business department. From February 2010 to March 2017, Mr. Liang served as the general manager of the
Company’s aviation business department. From September 2016 to September 2017, Mr. Liang served as
the Company’s deputy general manager of the R&D center (in charge of work), and concurrently served as
the party secretary of the R&D center of the Company from November 2016 to March 2019. Mr. Liang served
as the general manager of the Company’s R&D center from September 2017 to July 2020, and he has been
serving as a member of the standing committee of Communist Party Committee of China TravelSky Holding
Company Limited and the Company since June 2020. Since August 2020, Mr. Liang has been serving as the
vice general manager of the Company.




                                                                                                          279
TravelSky Technology Limited




BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND COMPANY SECRETARY
As of the latest practicable date April 15, 2026 before the issue date of this report



Mr. Du Xiaoming, 45 years old, vice general manager and a member of the Standing Committee of the
Communist Party Committee of the Company, graduated from Tianjin University majoring in computer
architecture and consecutively obtained a master’s degree in engineering and a postgraduate degree
from Tianjin University. He is a professorate senior engineer. Mr. Du joined the Company in April 2007 and
worked in the aeronautical information products integration department. From June 2010 to April 2014, he
consecutively served as the deputy general manager, acting general manager and general manager of Dalian
TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd. under the Company. From April 2014 to August 2018, Mr. Du served as
the general manager of Hainan Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd. under the Company. From August 2018 to April
2025, Mr. Du served as the deputy general manager, general manager and deputy secretary of the Party
General Branch of the airport business department (currently known as airport digital products business
department) of the Company. Since April 2025, Mr. Du has been serving as a member of the standing
committee of Communist Party Committee of China TravelSky Holding Company Limited and the Company.
Since June 2025, Mr. Du has been serving as the vice general manager of the Company.

Mr. Yu Bo, 44 years old, vice general manager and a member of the Standing Committee of the Communist
Party Committee of the Company, graduated from the School of Applied Mathematics of the University of
Electronic Science and Technology of China majoring in Information and Computational Science and holds
a postgraduate degree from University College London with a Master’s degree in Business Administration.
From July 2004 to February 2010, Mr. Yu successively worked in the reservation department, research and
development department and aviation business department of the Company. From February 2010 to August
2016, Mr. Yu was the deputy general manager of the Civil Aviation Cares of Qingdao Ltd. of the Company.
From August 2016 to April 2024, Mr. Yu consecutively served as the secretary of the Party Branch and
general manager of the Civil Aviation Cares Technology of Xinjiang Ltd. under the Company, and the general
manager and the deputy secretary of the Party General Branch of the information services department of the
Company. From April 2024 to April 2025, Mr. Yu served as the general manager of the information services
department of the Company as well as the chairman of the board of directors of China TravelSky Cloud Data
Company Limited and secretary of the Party Branch of China TravelSky Cloud Data Company Limited (Jiaxing
Engineering Construction Project Department) (嘉興工程建設項目部). Since April 2025, Mr. Yu has been
serving as a member of the standing committee of Communist Party Committee of China TravelSky Holding
Company Limited and the Company. Since June 2025, Mr. Yu has been serving as the vice general manager
of the Company.

COMPANY SECRETARY
Mr. Yu Xiaochun, aged 58, the company secretary of the Company (secretary to the Board) and assistant
to the general manager, received a bachelor’s degree from Beihang University majoring in management
engineering and obtained a master’s degree in management from Beihang University in 2002. Since joining
China Civil Aviation Computer Information Center, the predecessor of China TravelSky Holding Company
(one of the promoters of the Company), in July 1989, Mr. Yu has nearly 30 years of experience in China’s
civil aviation industry. Mr. Yu was the deputy director of the marketing department of China Civil Aviation
Computer Information Center from July 1999 to October 2000. From October 2000 (when the Company was
established) to December 2002, he held various positions in the Company such as the deputy director of
the Marketing Department, the general manager of the DCS Department* (離港部) and the deputy general
manager of the Marketing Department. From December 2002 to July 2009, Mr. Yu was the general manager
of the planning and development department of China TravelSky Holding Company, a promoter of the
Company. From July 2009 to March 2013, he was the head of the Planning and Development Department of
the Company. Since March 2010, Mr. Yu has served as a joint company secretary and secretary to the Board
of the Company. Since June 2013, Mr. Yu has served as the company secretary and secretary to the Board of
the Company. From January 2020 to June 2020, Mr. Yu concurrently served as the lead person in charge of
the information service department (preparation) and temporary person in charge of the party organization
of the company. Since May 2020, Mr. Yu has been serving as the assistant to the general manager of the
company.


280
                                                                                          Annual Report 2025




                                                       CORPORATE INFORMATION
                         As of the latest practicable date April 15, 2026 before the issue date of this report



BOARD
The seventh session of the Board of the Company established by election by shareholders on February 27,
2020 comprises:

Jiang Bo                      Chairman, Executive Director (appointed on December 18, 2025)
Sun Yuquan                    Non-executive Director (appointed on January 25, 2024)
Qu Guangji                    Non-executive Director (appointed on January 25, 2024)
He Xiaoqun                    Non-executive Director (appointed on June 12, 2025)
Liu Zehong                    Independent Non-executive Director (appointed on September 1, 2022)
Chan Wing Tak Kevin           Independent Non-executive Director (appointed on September 1, 2022)
Xu Hongzhi                    Independent Non-executive Director (appointed on September 1, 2022)
Liang Shuang                  Employee Representative Director (appointed on January 23, 2025)

AUDIT COMMITTEE
Chan Wing Tak Kevin           Chief Member (Chairman) (appointed on September 1, 2022)
Liu Zehong                    Member (appointed on September 1, 2022)
Xu Hongzhi                    Member (appointed on September 1, 2022)

REMUNERATION AND EVALUATION COMMITTEE
Liu Zehong                    Chief Member (Chairman) (appointed on September 1, 2022)
Chan Wing Tak Kevin           Member (appointed on September 1, 2022)
Xu Hongzhi                    Member (appointed on September 1, 2022)

NOMINATION COMMITTEE
Jiang Bo                      Chief Member (Chairman) (appointed on December 18, 2025)
Liu Zehong                    Member (appointed on September 1, 2022)
Xu Hongzhi                    Member (appointed on September 1, 2022)

STRATEGY AND INVESTMENT COMMITTEE (LEGAL COMPLIANCE COMMITTEE)
Jiang Bo                      Chief Member (Chairman) (appointed on December 18, 2025)
Sun Yuquan                    Member (appointed on January 25, 2024)
Qu Guangji                    Member (appointed on January 25, 2024)
He Xiaoqun                    Member (appointed on June 12, 2025)
Liu Zehong                    Member (appointed on January 18, 2023)




                                                                                                         281
TravelSky Technology Limited




CORPORATE INFORMATION
As of the latest practicable date April 15, 2026 before the issue date of this report



DIRECTOR RESIGNED INCLUDING HIS RESPECTIVE DUTY IN THE
SPECIAL COMMITTEE
Huang Rongshun                   Executive Director, member of the Strategy Committee (appointed on August
                                   5, 2021, resigned on April 13, 2026)
Xi Sheng                         Non-executive Director, Member of the Strategy Committee (appointed on
                                   September 25, 2019, resigned on June 12, 2025)

SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Liu Xianqing                     Chief Accountant (appointed on September 29, 2024)
Li Jinsong                       Vice General Manager (appointed on November 14, 2016)
Liang Haifeng                    Vice General Manager (appointed on August 27, 2020)
Du Xiaoming                      Vice General Manager (appointed on June 4, 2025)
Yu Bo                            Vice General Manager (appointed on June 4, 2025)
Yu Xiaochun                      Company Secretary (Secretary to the Board, appointed on March 16, 2010)

RESIGNED SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Huang Rongshun                   General Manager (appointed on September 29, 2024, resigned on March 20,
                                   2026)

REGISTERED ADDRESS
7 Yu Min Da Street, Houshayu Town, Shunyi District
Beijing 101308, PRC


PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
Room 2201–05, 22/F., China Resources Building
26 Harbour Road, Wanchai
Hong Kong


PLACE OF LISTING
The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
Stock Code: 00696


HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Shops 1712-16, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong




282
                                                                                            Annual Report 2025




                                                                                    CORPORATE INFORMATION
                           As of the latest practicable date April 15, 2026 before the issue date of this report



DEPOSITARY OF SPONSORED LEVEL I AMERICAN DEPOSITARY RECEIPT
PROGRAMME
The Bank of New York Mellon

Shareholder correspondence:
BNY Mellon Shareowner Services
P.O. Box 43006
Providence RI 02940-3078

Overnight Correspondence:
BNY Mellon Shareowner Services
150 Royall St., Suite 101
Canton, MA 02021
Tel. +1 888-269-2377 (toll-free number in the U.S.)
Tel. +1 201 680 6825 (international)
www.mybnymdr.com


AUDITOR
BDO China SHU LUN PAN Certified Public Accountants LLP
Room 1410, Fanli Building,
No. 22 Chaoyangmenwai Street,
Chaoyang District, Beijing 100020,
PRC

According to the Financial Reporting Council Ordinance (Cap 588) of Hong Kong effective on October 1, 2019,
BDO China SHU LUN PAN Certified Public Accountants LLP engaged by the Company is a recognised PRC
auditor.


LEGAL ADVISERS
as to Hong Kong law:
Baker & McKenzie
14th Floor, One Taikoo Place,
979 King’s Road, Quarry Bay, Hong Kong

as to the PRC law:
Commerce & Finance Law Offices
12-14/F China World Tower 2,
No.1 Jianguomenwai Ave, Beijing




                                                                                                           283
TravelSky Technology Limited




CORPORATE INFORMATION
As of the latest practicable date April 15, 2026 before the issue date of this report



CONTACT DETAILS FOR INVESTORS
Beijing:          Board Work Department                       HK:         Public Relations Consultant
Postal address:   TravelSky High-Tech Industrial Park,                    Ever Bloom (HK) Communications
                  Houshayu Town, Shunyi District,                           Consultants Group Limited
                  Beijing 101318, PRC                                     10/F, 80 Gloucester Road,
                                                                          Wanchai, Hong Kong
Telephone:        (8610) 5765 0696                            Tel:        852-3468 8640
Facsimile:        (8610) 5765 0695                            Fax:        852-2111 1103
Email:            ir@travelsky.com.cn                         Email:      travelsky.list@everbloom.com.cn
Website:          www.travelskyir.com

COMPANY’S WEBSITES
Website of consolidated information of the Company:
www.travelsky.cn

Website established in accordance with Rule 2.07C(6)(a) of the Listing Rules:
www.travelskyir.com

You may obtain the English and Chinese versions of the financial reports, announcements, circulars,
operation data and results presentation of the Company through this website.




284
Tel:           (8610) 5765 0696
Fax:           (8610) 5765 0695
Email:         ir@travelsky.com.cn   (Contact details for investors)

Address:       TravelSky High-Tech Industrial Park, Houshayu Town,
               Shunyi District, Beijing, PRC
Postal Code:   101318
Website:       www.travelskyir.com
