INTERIM REPORT

2026
CONTENTS
Business Review for the First Half of 2026                    2
Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial
  Condition and Results of Operations                         6
Prospects for the Second Half of 2026                        13
Other Information                                            14
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                 21
Statement of Financial Position of the Parent Company        25
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other
  Comprehensive Income                                       29
Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive
  Income of the Parent Company                               32
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                         34
Statement of Cash Flows of the Parent Company                36
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity    38
Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity of
  the Parent Company                                         40
Notes to Financial Statements for the six months ended
  June 30, 2026                                              42
Corporate Information                                       205
TravelSky Technology Limited




BUSINESS REVIEW FOR THE FIRST HALF OF 2026

The board of directors (the “Board”) of TravelSky Technology Limited (the “Company”) hereby announces the
unaudited interim results report of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) for the six months ended
June 30, 2026.

In the first half of 2026, confronted by a complex and severe external environment, China’s economy
withstood the pressure and continued the overall trend of making steady progress with renewed and
enhanced development, demonstrating strong resilience and vitality. With the economy operating within
a reasonable range in the first half of the year, new drivers grew rapidly, as a result of which the civil
aviation industry maintained an overall trend of safe and steady development. While persisting in making
steady progress, the Group continued to optimize its business positioning at home and abroad, focused on
creating differentiated competitive advantages, and effectively strengthened its core functions and anti-
risk resilience. During the first half of 2026, all of our business operations progressed in an orderly manner
despite a complex environment, and the overall operations remained stable.


AVIATION INFORMATION PLATFORM SERVICES
The Group provides electronic travel distribution (“ETD”) services (including inventory control system (“ICS”)
services, computer reservation system (“CRS”) services and airport passenger processing system (“APP”)
services), as well as information technology services related to the above core businesses to 41 Chinese
airlines and over 400 foreign and regional airlines. Meanwhile, the Group achieved direct links and high-
level networking to all Global Distribution Systems (“GDSs”) around the world and 134 foreign and regional
airlines. In the first half of 2026, the ETD system of the Group processed data of approximately 371.9 million
passengers for domestic and international airlines, marking a year-on-year growth of about 0.3% compared
to the same period in 2025, in which the system processed about 0.3% year-on-year more data of passengers
for Chinese airlines and about 0.7% year-on-year more data of passengers for foreign and regional airlines.

In the first half of 2026, in terms of aviation logistics information services, the Group promoted and upgraded
products such as airport cargo terminal production systems and airport cargo security inspection systems,
and signed four new clients for cargo terminal and inspection systems.




2
                                                                                            Interim Report 2026




                                                              BUSINESS REVIEW FOR THE FIRST HALF OF 2026




ACCOUNTING, SETTLEMENT AND CLEARING SERVICES
The Group provided accounting, settlement and clearing services, information system development and
support services and air travel financial services to airlines and other aviation corporations through
Accounting Centre of China Aviation Company Limited (“ACCA”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company,
which strongly strengthened the industry chain for the Group’s information technology business in the air
transportation and travel industry. Apart from being the world’s largest service provider of IATA Billing
and Settlement Plan (BSP) Information Processing and the only Information Processing Software service
provider, ACCA is also the leading service provider of outsourced services and system products services in
revenue management and provider of emerging air travel finance in the civil aviation industry in the PRC,
with its major customers including domestic passenger and cargo airlines, overseas and regional airlines,
domestic airports, government organizations and IATA.

In the first half of 2026, there were approximately 651.2 million transactions processed with the Group’s
accounting, settlement and clearing system, representing a year-on-year increase of 3.6%. Revenue from
agency settlement for passengers, cargo and mail transport, miscellaneous fees, and international and
domestic clearing fees exceeded RMB36.70 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 3.1%. The
International Passenger Revenue Accounting system (IPRA on Mars) was developed by the Group to build a
revenue management system aligned with the technical standards of IATA ONE Order and integrated orders
for low-cost airlines, on the basis of which the self-developed solution passed the expert review of the China
Intelligent Transportation Systems Association in June and met the “international advanced level”.


AIRPORT DIGITALIZATION SERVICES
In the first half of 2026, the Group continued to innovate and create comprehensive smart airport
digitalization solutions, by entering into strategic cooperation framework agreements with Shanghai
International Airport Co., Ltd. and Hainan Airport Group in respect of their respective joint exploration of key
areas including the digital construction of international aviation hubs, the implementation of unified smart
airport management platforms, and innovative full-scenario applications of AI in airports. By capitalizing
on the resource and technical advantages of both parties, the Group collaboratively advanced the effective
implementation of civil aviation digital transformation. Furthermore, the Group advanced the information
technology infrastructure and support for Xiamen New Airport, Fuzhou T2, and Changsha T3. The smart
airport middle platform was promoted to 19 airports with an annual passenger throughput of over 10
million. The smart travel platform based on facial recognition was launched at 53 airports nationwide, and
the Radio Frequency Identification (RFID)-based end-to-end luggage tracking system has been extended to
119 airports. We continued to deepen transit passenger services and continuously enrich the functions of the
Civil Aviation Transit Passenger Service Platform, and launched the Civil Aviation Transit Service Capability
Release System, which, since its launch and release in November last year, has now been put into operation
at 161 airports.




                                                                                                              3
TravelSky Technology Limited




BUSINESS REVIEW FOR THE FIRST HALF OF 2026




AVIATION TRAVEL INTELLIGENT PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
In the first half of 2026, the Group continued to enhance Aviation Travel Intelligent Products and Services,
with an aim to fulfill the demand of airlines for information technology products and services in terms of
travel convenience, auxiliary services, e-commerce and international services. By initiating the planning of
modern airline new retail solutions and holding the Modern Airline Retailing (MAR) verification conference
based on the OOSD (Offer-Order-Settlement-Delivery) architecture in conjunction with the International Air
Transport Association (IATA) and Hainan Airlines, we assisted airlines in transforming from “displacement
services” to “customer-centered” digital retailing, thereby enhancing the consumer travel experience.

In the first half of 2026, the Group seized tightly the new opportunities in the construction of digital China
and the development of the low-altitude economy to promote the deep integration of the digital economy and
the real economy. Our data intelligence application products and data governance solutions served a total
of over 60 customers. In addition to accelerating our strategic positioning in the low-altitude economy, we
refined our business layout of “one system, one platform, and multiple products”, and deeply participated in
the development of low-altitude intelligent networked systems. Furthermore, we built a digital intelligence
platform for low-altitude collaborative services, and launched a multi-product matrix for low-altitude
operating entities, thereby improving the integrated solution of “governmental supervision-business
collaboration-enterprise operation”. The “Hainan Province Low-Altitude Economy Business Collaboration
Platform” created by the Group was launched at the 6th China International Consumer Products Expo.


INFORMATION NETWORK AND DIGITAL INFRASTRUCTURE SERVICES
In the first half of 2026, the Group expanded its distribution network to cover 33 countries and regions
outside its home market, continued to enrich marketable resources, and signed new distribution capability
(NDC) agreements with nine foreign airlines. With the foreign airline departure cooperation system
continuously consolidated and strengthened, our system iterations progressed in an orderly manner. In
addition to completing the signing and renewal of agreements with 10 foreign airlines, we further assisted
24 foreign airlines in implementing departure front-end software production upgrades at 66 domestic
airports. Focusing on the development of multimodal distribution capabilities, we developed a unified inquiry,
quotation, and one-stop booking and settlement platform to cover various transportation modes including
aviation, water transport, and land transport. Centering around improving the transportation interconnection
system of the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, we successfully launched a series of
multimodal travel products including air-sea intermodal transport, air-rail intermodal transport, and air-
bus intermodal transport. The Group continued to consolidate the construction of digital infrastructure,
expanded cross-industry data center value-added service business, and secured three new customers in the
first half of the year.




4
                                                                                              Interim Report 2026




                                                               BUSINESS REVIEW FOR THE FIRST HALF OF 2026




SAFE OPERATION
In the first half of 2026, the Group actively fulfilled its social responsibilities by continuing to strengthen
the stability of core systems and security capabilities. We successfully safeguarded the secure operation
during major activities such as the Spring Festival Travel Rush, the Two Sessions, and the Asian Beach
Games. The safe production remained overall stable, and the availability rate of core systems remained at
above 99.99%. Successfully released at Urumqi Tianshan International Airport, the “Full-Process Airport
Information Technology Innovation Solution for Aviation Travel Gongxiang Departure System” for the first
time achieved the full-stack localized transformation of core systems including departure at an international
hub airport with an annual passenger throughput of over 10 million. This marks a major breakthrough for
China’s domestic basic software and hardware in core civil aviation business systems, providing a replicable
solution to safeguard the security of the civil aviation industry’s supply chain and industrial chain. The Group
continued to focus on the development of an intelligent security operation and maintenance system, driving
the transformation of its operation and maintenance practices towards greater standardization, intelligence
and refinement. In particular, the Group (i) enhanced its security operation management system by
standardizing operating procedures and strengthening the institutional framework; (ii) steadily implemented
phased rollout of core functions to optimize its operation and maintenance model; (iii) preliminarily
established a Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) operation and maintenance system, facilitating the transition
from reactive response to proactive prevention and enhancing system reliability; and (iv) developed a
unified intelligent operation and maintenance platform featuring a four-layer monitoring architecture
covering “business – software – IT components – infrastructure”, thereby achieving end-to-end visibility and
situational awareness, comprehensively supporting the stable operation of its business and reinforcing the
security and stability of its core business.


TECHNOLOGICAL INNOVATION
In the first half of 2026, closely aligning itself with the strategic orientation of high-level technological self-
reliance, the Group deepened its independent control of key core technologies and “AI+ Travel” integrated
innovation, and advanced the deep integration of scientific innovation into its industry. We focused on
promoting the independent control of core civil aviation businesses. Our core businesses, including ticket
sales through the reseller web hosting, have been fully replaced by our domestic open systems. With the key
indicators of the domestic departure system exceling traditional foreign systems, our related achievements
won the second prize nationwide in the Information Technology Innovation track of the Digital China
Innovation Contest. Our “AI+ Travel” ecosystem development yielded fruitful results, as the Group built
multimodal high-quality datasets for civil aviation and was selected for the industry high-quality datasets
of the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission, with one achievement selected
as a strategic high-value scenario for AI applications in central enterprises, and two achievements rated
as representative AI application cases by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology. Meanwhile,
the Company completed the AI Application for Future Industries project for the Ministry of Industry and
Information Technology. Furthermore, four technological achievements reached the international advanced
level, and one core invention patent passed the public notice for the China Patent Excellence Award.
These achievements continue to strengthen our leadership in industry-specific innovation. Green and low-
carbon development simultaneously improved in quality and efficiency. With Houshayu Park successfully
connecting to green electricity, the photovoltaic project generated a cumulative 2.73 million kWh of
electricity, effectively reducing carbon emissions and continuing to solidify the foundation for green and
sustainable development.



                                                                                                                 5
TravelSky Technology Limited




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE
FIRST HALF OF 2026
Summary
The management’s discussion and analysis on the financial condition and results of operations of the Group
are as follows:

For the first half of 2026, the Group achieved total profits of RMB1,739.3 million, representing an increase
of approximately 3.7% compared to RMB1,677.9 million in the first half of 2025. Net profit attributable
to shareholders of the parent of the Company was RMB1,543.0 million, representing an increase of
approximately 6.6% compared to RMB1,447.7 million in the first half of 2025.

The revenue and operating results of the Group mainly came from the Group’s operations in China. The
earnings per share of the Group were RMB0.53 for the first half of 2026.

Total Revenue
The total revenue of the Group in the first half of 2026 amounted to RMB4,112.1 million, representing an
increase of RMB217.6 million, or 5.6%, from RMB3,894.5 million in the first half of 2025. The change in total
revenue is reflected as follows:

•    Aviation information platform services revenue (including “aviation information technology services”
     and “data service income”, “logistics business income” within “other income” disclosed in previous
     years) accounted for 57.2% of the Group’s total revenue in the first half of 2026, as compared to
     61.5% in the first half of 2025. Aviation information platform service revenue decreased by 1.7% from
     RMB2,393.3 million in the first half of 2025 to RMB2,352.2 million in the first half of 2026. The main
     source of the revenue was electronic travel distribution services provided by the Group to airlines.
     The decrease of the revenue was mainly due to the total system processing volume being relatively
     stable year-on-year, but revenue from foreign and regional airlines was affected to a certain extent by
     exchange rate fluctuations.

•    Accounting, settlement and clearing services revenue (including “accounting, settlement and clearing
     services” and “payment business income”, “factoring business income” within “other income”
     disclosed in previous years) accounted for 11.0% of the Group’s total revenue in the first half of 2026,
     as compared to 10.5% in the first half of 2025. Accounting, settlement and clearing services revenue
     increased by 11.4% from RMB407.1 million in the first half of 2025 to RMB453.6 million in the first half
     of 2026. The main source of the revenue was accounting, settlement and clearing services provided
     by the Group to third parties including airlines, airports, agencies and government bodies, etc. The
     increase of the revenue was primarily due to the year-on-year increase in the volume of settlement and
     clearing business.

•    Airport digitalization services revenue (disclosed as “system integration service revenue” in previous
     years) accounted for 14.6% of the Group’s total revenue in the first half of 2026, as compared to 10.7%
     in the first half of 2025. Airport digitalization services revenue increased by 43.5% from RMB418.4
     million in the first half of 2025 to RMB600.4 million in the first half of 2026. The main source of the
     revenue was airport digitalization services provided by the Group to airport-related clients. The
     increase of the revenue was primarily due to the year-on-year increase in the scale of projects that
     reached the conditions for completion and inspection acceptance.


6
                                                                                         Interim Report 2026




        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




•    Aviation Travel Intelligent Products and Services revenue (disclosed as “technical support and product
     revenue” in previous years) accounted for 10.8% of the Group’s total revenue in the first half of 2026,
     as compared to 9.9% in the first half of 2025. Aviation Travel Intelligent Products and Services revenue
     increased by 14.9% from RMB385.0 million in the first half of 2025 to RMB442.2 million in the first half
     of 2026. This revenue was derived from the intelligent products and services provided by the Group to
     airlines, airports, agents and non-industry customers. The increase of the revenue was mainly due to
     the increase in customer IT service demand and product expansion.

•    Information network and digital infrastructure services revenue (including “data network service” and
     “income from leasing, operation and maintenance service” within “other income” disclosed in previous
     years) accounted for 6.2% of the Group’s total revenue in the first half of 2026, as compared to 7.2%
     in the first half of 2025. Information network and digital infrastructure services revenue decreased by
     8.9% from RMB281.6 million in the first half of 2025 to RMB256.5 million in the first half of 2026. The
     main source of the revenue was the information network services provided by the Group to agencies.
     The decrease of the revenue was mainly due to the year-on-year decrease in the volume of distribution
     information technology services business.

Total Operating Expenses
The total operating expenses of the Group for the first half of 2026 amounted to RMB2,417.9 million,
representing a decrease of RMB10.0 million or 0.4%, as compared to RMB2,427.9 million for the first half of
2025. The changes in total operating expenses are also reflected as follows:

•    Staff costs increased by 9.3%, mainly due to the year-on-year increase in staff remuneration and five
     social insurance premiums and two housing funds of the Group;

•    Depreciation and amortisation increased by 5.2%, mainly due to the year-on-year increase in fixed
     assets of the Group, resulting in a slight increase in depreciation and amortisation;

•    Cost of hardware and software for airport digitalization (disclosed as “cost of integrated business
     sales” in previous years) decreased by 48.7%, mainly due to the influence of different construction
     stages of projects as a result of which, the proportion of outsourced software and hardware decreased
     year-on-year;

•    Technical support and maintenance fees decreased by 8.0%, mainly due to the impact of the project
     initiation and implementation progress of certain research and development projects; and

•    Departure and distribution support fees decreased by 8.4%, mainly due to the impact of the
     reconciliation and confirmation progress of departure service support fees and agent foreign airline
     booking incentives.

Credit Impairment Losses
The Group’s credit impairment losses in the first half of 2026 amounted to RMB-16.0 million, mainly due to
the improvement in the collection of payments from third-party customers, and the balance of provision for
bad debts of trade receivables decreased slightly as compared to the end of 2025.




                                                                                                           7
TravelSky Technology Limited




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




Corporate Income Tax
Under the Corporate Income Tax Law of the People’s Republic of China (“CIT Law”), in general, the
applicable statutory corporate income tax rate for enterprises in China is 25%. Pursuant to relevant
requirements, enterprises recognized as “High and New Technology Enterprise” are entitled to a preferential
corporate income tax rate of 15% according to the CIT Law. The Company has been recognized as a “High
and New Technology Enterprise” since its establishment, and has been reviewed to maintain its qualification
as a “High and New Technology Enterprise” in accordance with relevant regulatory requirements. The latest
review should be completed in 2026 and the Company has commenced relevant work for the review. In
accordance with relevant regulatory requirements, the Company has calculated the expenses on corporate
income tax for the first half of 2026 using the preferential tax rate of 15%.

In addition to the entitlement to a preferential income tax rate of 15% as a “High and New Technology
Enterprise”, if an enterprise is certified by relevant regulatory authorities as a “Key Software Enterprise”,
it can further enjoy a preferential tax rate of 10%. According to the relevant provisions, the difference
between the tax amount paid at the rate of 15% and the tax amount calculated at the preferential tax rate of
10% will be refunded to relevant enterprises after the relevant period, and will be reflected in the profit or
loss account of the enterprises correspondingly when it is refunded. The Company has been consecutively
certified as a “Key Software Enterprise” from Year 2006 to Year 2025.

The Group received the tax refund for Key Software Enterprise in June 2026. For details of corporate income
tax of the Group for the first half of 2026, please see Note 4 to the financial statements.

Net Profit Attributable to Shareholders of the Parent of the Group
Net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent of the Group increased from RMB1,447.7 million in the
first half of 2025 to RMB1,543.0 million in the first half of 2026, representing an increase of RMB95.4 million.

Liquidity and Capital Structure
The Group’s working capital in the first half of 2026 mainly came from operating activities. Net cash inflow
from operating activities amounted to RMB2,435.7 million.

As at June 30, 2026, the Group had a total of RMB995.7 million of borrowings, including short-term bank
borrowings of RMB512.8 million and entrusted loans of RMB483.0 million, of which the fixed rate borrowings
principal totaled RMB482.3 million. The Group did not use any financial instruments for hedging purposes.

As at June 30, 2026, the cash and cash equivalents of the Group amounted to RMB8,829.8 million, of which
96.7%, 2.2% and 1.0% were denominated in RMB, US dollars and HK dollars, respectively.




8
                                                                                        Interim Report 2026




         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




Restricted Bank Deposits
As at June 30, 2026, restricted bank deposits of the Group amounted to RMB2,010.2 million, of which
RMB1,979.9 million were customer provisions (as at December 31, 2025: restricted bank deposits amounted
to RMB1,569.6 million, of which RMB1,528.5 million were customer provisions) which primarily comprised
the deposits placed at designated bank accounts as guarantee deposits to secure, amongst others, the
settlement of related business, and the customer provisions deposited with The People’s Bank of China by
the Company’s subsidiary, Beijing Yake Payment Technology Co., Ltd.

Trust Deposits and Irrecoverable Overdue Time Deposits
As at June 30, 2026, the Group did not have any trust deposits and irrecoverable overdue time deposits.
All cash deposits of the Group are deposited at commercial banks and complied with applicable laws and
regulations.

Foreign Exchange Risks
The Group’s foreign exchange risks arise from commercial transactions and assets and liabilities
denominated in foreign currencies. Fluctuation of the exchange rates of Renminbi against foreign currencies
could affect the Group’s operational results.

Financial Assets Invested
With regard to capital management, based on the principles of prudence and soundness, the Group generally
chooses principal-protected wealth management products with interest rates higher than those of bank
deposits for the same period, so that the Group can maximize its capital gains.

In the first half of 2026, the Group had the following major financial assets:

(1)   Trading Financial Assets
      As at June 30, 2026, the Group held structural bank deposits (with floating returns) issued by Bank
      of Beijing, China Everbright Bank, Ping An Bank, Industrial Bank, Industrial and Commercial Bank
      of China and China CITIC Bank of RMB1,100 million, RMB1,100 million, RMB1,100 million, RMB1,100
      million, RMB1,000 million and RMB600 million, respectively, totaling RMB6,000 million. Such structural
      bank deposits carried annual interest rates ranging from 1.80% to 1.95%, with maturities ranging from
      90 days to 186 days, and were not cancellable prior to maturity.

(2)   Financial Assets at Amortised Cost
      As at June 30, 2026, the Group held certificates of deposit for more than three months issued by China
      Construction Bank, Bank of Communications, China Minsheng Bank and Ping An Bank of RMB500
      million, RMB110 million, RMB62 million and RMB20 million, respectively, totaling RMB692 million.
      Such bank certificates of deposit carried annual interest rates ranging from 1.40% to 2.60%, with
      maturities ranging from 365 days to 1,095 days, and were not cancellable prior to maturity.

      In addition, the Group held national debt reverse repurchase products of RMB1,000 million, with an
      annualised interest rate of 1.50% and a term of 11 days, which were non-cancellable before maturity.




                                                                                                          9
TravelSky Technology Limited




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




(3)   Financial Assets at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income
                                                     Percentage of   Percentage of
                                                      shareholding    shareholding   Fair value       Fair value                 Gain for the
                                                             as at           as at         as at           as at   Gain as at     year ended
                                    Business              June 30,   December 31,     June 30,     December 31,     June 30,    December 31,
      Name of investment            nature                   2026            2025          2026             2025        2026            2025
                                                                 %               %    RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000
      Unlisted equity, measured     Life insurance           13.26           13.26   1,427,800         1,052,314     375,486           48,002
        at fair value – CMRH Life


      The performance and prospects of the financial assets “CMRH Life” during the period were as follows:

      a.        Name of the company:                                 China Merchants Life Insurance Company Limited (“CMRH
                                                                     Life”)

      b.        Business scope:                                      Ordinary insurance (including life insurance and annuity
                                                                     insurance), health insurance, accident injury insurance,
                                                                     dividend-paying insurance, universal insurance, unit-
                                                                     linked insurance, reinsurance of all of the above insurance
                                                                     businesses, the application of the insurance funds allowed
                                                                     by the national laws and regulations, and other businesses
                                                                     approved by insurance regulatory authority of the State
                                                                     Council.

      c.        Investment cost of the Company:                      RMB875.0 million.

      d.        The percentage of the shareholding 13.26%.
                held by the Company:

      e.        The fair value and the scale relative to the total assets of the Group:

                As at June 30, 2026, the Group invested a fair value of approximately RMB1,427.8 million in
                CMRH Life, accounting for 4.1% of the total assets of the Group.

      f.        The performance in the first half of 2026:

                According to the information provided by CMRH Life to the Company, it recorded a profit of
                RMB627.20 million in the first half of 2026 (Note: financial data under the new insurance
                contracts standard and the new financial instruments standard). The main reason was that
                the company continued to promote the optimization of its business structure and improved the
                quality and efficiency of its operations, with insurance services making a solid contribution to
                performance. At the same time, the company capitalized on market opportunities through its
                investment activities, employing a targeted trading strategy to drive a steady rise in investment
                returns and achieve ongoing profits.

10
                                                                                          Interim Report 2026




           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




      g.     Strategies of future investments and the prospects of such investments:

             According to the information provided by CMRH Life to the Company, in the first half of 2026,
             CMRH Life focused on its business strategy of “optimizing products, controlling costs, and
             creating value” as the main thread of its high-quality development, continuously consolidated
             long-term positive growth trajectory, with overall operational indicators staying stable and
             robust and its profitability significantly improved. At the same time, by virtue of its century-
             old brand heritage, central state-owned enterprise background and differentiated strategic
             positioning, CMRH Life persists in seeking progress while maintaining stability, and continuously
             deepens its reform and transformation. By tapping into shareholder resources, the company has
             focused on targeted customer groups and enhanced service experience, concentrating its efforts
             on building a digital ecosystem platform for risk management, health management and wealth
             management which is positioned as the preferred choice for employees of central and state-
             owned enterprise and their families. It is dedicated to becoming a boutique insurance service
             provider with innovative characteristics.

(4)   Financial Assets at Fair Value through Profit or Loss
      China Mobile Equity Fund
      As stated in the announcement of the Company dated April 16, 2020, the Company has entered into a
      limited partnership agreement (the “Agreement”) in relation to the formation of China Mobile Equity
      Fund (Hebei Xiong’an) Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (中移股權基金(河北雄安)合夥企業(有限合夥))
      (“China Mobile Equity Fund”) with China Mobile Capital Holding Co., Ltd.* (中移資本控股有限責任公
      司), other investors (together with the Company and China Mobile Capital Holding Co., Ltd.* (中移資本
      控股有限責任公司), as limited partners) and China Mobile Equity Fund Management Co., Ltd.* (中移股
      權基金管理有限公司) (as general partner), pursuant to which, the Company agreed to contribute a total
      of RMB1 billion in cash to China Mobile Equity Fund during the term of the Agreement. China Mobile
      Equity Fund mainly invests in enterprises related to 5G industry applications and information and
      communication industry chain, ecosystem and empowerment industries. In accordance with the terms
      of the Agreement, as unanimously agreed by the Company and other partners, the term of operation of
      China Mobile Equity Fund has been extended to May 31, 2027.

      As at June 30, 2026, the Company has made actual capital contributions (including fund management
      fee) of RMB861.7 million under the Agreement. The Company measured the fair value of this financial
      asset based on the share of net assets attributable to the Company as shown in the financial
      statements of China Mobile Equity Fund as at June 30, 2026, with a book value of RMB1,113.1 million.
      Please refer to Note 5.13 to the consolidated financial statements for details.

Charge on Assets
As at June 30, 2026, the Group had no charge on its assets.

Contingent Liabilities
As at June 30, 2026, the Group had no material contingent liabilities.




                                                                                                           11
TravelSky Technology Limited




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




Gearing Ratio
As at June 30, 2026, the gearing ratio of the Group was 26.5% (as at December 31, 2025: 25.8%), which was
computed by dividing the total liabilities by the total assets of the Group as at June 30, 2026.

Advancement of Data Resource Assetization within the Company
According to the Ministry of Finance’s Interim Provisions on Accounting Treatment Related to Data
Resources of Enterprises (Caikuai [2023] No. 11), starting from January 1, 2024, enterprises should
recognize data resources that meet the confirmation conditions as intangible assets or inventories, based on
the purpose of holding the data resources, the method of formation, the business model, and the expected
manner of economic benefit consumption related to the data resources.

For the period ended June 30, 2026, the Group had no newly recognized data resources as intangible assets.
As at June 30, 2026, the Group reported “Intangible assets — Including: Data resources” of RMB23.6 million
in financial statements.

Major Investment or Financing Plan
As at June 30, 2026, the Group had no major acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint
ventures, nor any major investment or plan to acquire significant capital assets. The Board estimates that
the sources of funding of the Group in 2026 will be sufficient for the funding needs of daily operations and
the Group does not have any major financing plan.

The total capital expenditure of the Group amounted to RMB283.3 million for the first half of 2026 (the first
half of 2025: RMB133.8 million), which was mainly used in the Company’s daily operation and existing system
upgrade, maintenance, and others. As at June 30, 2026, the Group’s capital expenditure commitments
amounted to approximately RMB1,733.1 million, which were mainly used in the Company’s daily operation,
maintenance, research and development and upgrading of computer system, China Mobile Equity Fund (an
unlisted investment fund), etc. The sources of funding for such commitments will include existing cash at
hand and internal cash flows generated from operating activities of the Group.

Additionally, as at June 30, 2026, the construction of Beijing Shunyi Park Phase II by the Company had
incurred cumulative expenditures of approximately RMB19.7 million, primarily comprising survey and design
fees, consulting fees, and other preliminary expenses.




12
                                                                                          Interim Report 2026




        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




Employees
The Group has different remuneration standards for different employees (including executive directors),
based on their performance, experience, position and other factors in compliance with the relevant PRC laws
and regulations, as amended from time to time. The remuneration of the employees of the Group includes
salaries, bonuses and social insurance benefits provided in compliance with relevant regulations of the PRC,
as amended from time to time, such as medical insurance, pension insurance, unemployment insurance,
maternity insurance and housing funds. The Group also provides its employees with opportunities to receive
training in areas such as the aviation and travel industry, computer information technology and business
administration education, and provides training on the latest development in areas such as computer
information technology, soft skills, laws, regulations and economics. In 2007, the Group implemented a
corporate annuity scheme (or supplementary pension plan) in accordance with relevant policies of the PRC.
According to the corporate annuity scheme, the Group is required to make provision for monthly corporate
annuity fees based on the total actual salary each month in the previous year and the ratio approved by the
relevant authorities of the PRC. It also needs to deposit the annuities in the custody account of corporate
annuity fund opened by its custodian.

As at June 30, 2026, the total number of employees of the Group was 6,822. Staff costs of the Group
amounted to approximately RMB1,058.2 million for the first half of 2026, representing approximately 43.8%
of the total operating expenses of the Group for the first half of 2026, among which, the aggregate corporate
annuity expenses of the Group amounted to approximately RMB50.8 million for the first half of 2026 (the first
half of 2025: RMB47.3 million).

Subsequent Events
Since June 30, 2026 and up to the date of this report, the Group had no significant events which need to be
disclosed.


PROSPECTS FOR THE SECOND HALF OF 2026
In the second half of 2026, the global economic situation remains complex and ever-changing, with instability
and uncertainties still existing. China’s economic development demonstrates strong resilience, with a steady
and positive recovery, presenting a K-shaped recovery pattern with overall stability and deeply differentiated
structure. Opportunities and challenges are intertwined in the civil aviation industry. The Group will adhere
to the general keynote of pursuing progress with stability, anchor the core line of high-quality development,
and accelerate the rhythm of reform and transformation. In addition to solidifying the foundation of safety
support, the Group will continue to strengthen its leadership in technological innovation, and redouble
its efforts in market expansion, thereby effectively enhancing its core functions, while comprehensively
improving its core competitiveness.




                                                                                                          13
TravelSky Technology Limited




OTHER INFORMATION


INTERIM DIVIDEND
The Company decided not to distribute an interim dividend for the six months ended June 30, 2026.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES
In the first half of 2026, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any
of its listed securities (including sale of treasury shares as defined under the Rules Governing the Listing
of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”)). As at June 30, 2026, the
Company did not hold any such treasury shares.


SHARE CAPITAL STRUCTURE
The issued share capital of the Company as at June 30, 2026 amounted to 2,926,209,589 shares, with a par
value of RMB1.00 each. As at June 30, 2026, the share capital structure of the Company is as follows:

                                                                                   Percentage to the total number
 Class of shares                                        Number of shares                        of shares in issue
                                                                                                               (%)
 Domestic shares                                                1,993,647,589                                    68.13
 H shares                                                         932,562,000                                    31.87


 Total                                                          2,926,209,589                                   100.00


INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES AND UNDERLYING
SHARES OF THE COMPANY
As at June 30, 2026, the interests and short positions of any persons (other than directors or chief executives
of the Company) in the shares and underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to
be kept under Section 336 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong)
(the “SFO”) are as follows:

                                                                                         Approximate
                                                                                           percentage      Approximate
                                                                                         of respective      percentage
                                                                                        class of share    of total share
 Name of shareholder           Class and number of securities       Capacity                    capital          capital
                               (Note 2)                                                        (Note 3)         (Note 3)
 China TravelSky Holding       864,836,589 domestic shares of       Beneficial owner           43.38%           29.55%
   Company Limited               RMB1 each (L)




14
                                                                                                    Interim Report 2026




                                                                                                 OTHER INFORMATION




                                                                                           Approximate
                                                                                             percentage      Approximate
                                                                                           of respective      percentage
                                                                                          class of share    of total share
Name of shareholder            Class and number of securities    Capacity                         capital          capital
                               (Note 2)                                                          (Note 3)         (Note 3)
China National Aviation Holding 260,690,500 domestic shares of   Beneficial owner                13.08%             8.91%
  Corporation Limited             RMB1 each (L)

                               18,720,000 domestic shares of     Interest of controlled           0.94%             0.64%
                                 RMB1 each (L) (Note 4)             corporation

                               13,045,500 domestic shares of     Interest of controlled           0.65%             0.45%
                                 RMB1 each (L) (Note 5)             corporation

China Mobile Communications 292,100,000 domestic shares of       Interest of controlled          14.65%             9.98%
  Group Co., Ltd.             RMB1 each (L) (Note 6)                corporation

China Southern Air Holding Co., 202,781,500 domestic shares of   Beneficial owner                10.17%             6.93%
  Ltd.                            RMB1 each (L)

                               65,773,500 domestic shares of     Interest of controlled           3.30%             2.25%
                                 RMB1 each (L) (Note 7)             corporation

China Eastern Air Holding Co., 182,743,500 domestic shares of    Beneficial owner                 9.17%             6.25%
  Ltd.                           RMB1 each (L)

                               25,155,000 domestic shares of     Interest of controlled           1.26%             0.86%
                                 RMB1 each (L) (Note 8)             corporation

                               3,900,000 domestic shares of      Interest of controlled           0.20%             0.13%
                                  RMB1 each (L) (Note 9)            corporation

BlackRock, Inc.                92,424,012 H shares of RMB1       Interest of controlled           9.91%             3.16%
                                 each (L) (Note 10)                 corporation

                               5,375,000 H shares of RMB1        Interest of controlled           0.58%             0.18%
                                  each (S) (Note 10)                corporation

Brandes Investment Partners,   65,715,536 H shares of RMB1       Investment manager               7.05%             2.25%
  L.P.                           each (L)




                                                                                                                       15
TravelSky Technology Limited




OTHER INFORMATION




Notes:


(1)   Interests and short positions in the shares and underlying shares of the Company disclosed in this section are based
      on the reasonable enquiries made by the Company and the data published on the website of Hong Kong Exchanges and
      Clearing Limited (“HKEX”) (www.hkexnews.hk). For the latest disclosure of interests filings of the substantial shareholders
      of the Company’s H shares, please refer to the “Disclosure of Interests” section on the website of HKEX (www.hkexnews.hk).


(2)   (L) — Long position; (S) — Short position; (P) — Lending pool.


(3)   The percentage is calculated by the amount of shares held by relevant person/the total amount of relevant shares issued
      as at June 30, 2026. Percentage in total share capital is based on 2,926,209,589 shares of the total issued share capital
      of the Company as at June 30, 2026; percentage in respective class of share capital is based on 1,993,647,589 domestic
      shares and 932,562,000 H shares of the Company as at June 30, 2026.


(4)   These shares were held by Shenzhen Airlines Company Limited, a subsidiary of China National Aviation Holding
      Corporation Limited. China National Aviation Holding Corporation Limited was deemed to be interested in the shares held
      by Shenzhen Airlines Company Limited pursuant to the SFO.


(5)   These shares were held by Shandong Airlines Company Limited, a subsidiary of China National Aviation Holding
      Corporation Limited. China National Aviation Holding Corporation Limited was deemed to be interested in the shares held
      by Shandong Airlines Company Limited pursuant to the SFO.


(6)   These shares were held by China Mobile Capital Holding Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of China Mobile Communications Group
      Co., Ltd. Pursuant to the SFO, China Mobile Communications Group Co., Ltd. was deemed to be interested in the shares
      held by China Mobile Capital Holding Co., Ltd. Based on the Disclosure Notice of the Interest of Corporate Substantial
      Shareholder filed by China Mobile Communications Group Co., Ltd. on February 6, 2024, of which 145,500,000 domestic
      shares (S) (accounting for approximately 4.97% of the total share capital) are deemed to be held through China Mobile
      Capital Holding Co., Ltd. under the relevant agreements.


(7)   These shares were held by Xiamen Airlines Company Limited, a subsidiary of China Southern Air Holding Co., Ltd. China
      Southern Air Holding Co., Ltd. was deemed to be interested in the shares held by Xiamen Airlines Company Limited
      pursuant to the SFO.


(8)   These shares were held by China Eastern Airlines Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of China Eastern Air Holding Co., Ltd. China
      Eastern Air Holding Co., Ltd. was deemed to be interested in the shares held by China Eastern Airlines Co., Ltd. pursuant
      to the SFO.


(9)   These shares were held by China Eastern Airlines Wuhan Co. Ltd., a subsidiary of China Eastern Air Holding Co., Ltd.
      China Eastern Air Holding Co., Ltd. was deemed to be interested in the shares held by China Eastern Airlines Wuhan Co.
      Ltd. pursuant to the SFO.




16
                                                                                                         Interim Report 2026




                                                                                                      OTHER INFORMATION




(10)   Based on the Disclosure Notice of the Interest of Corporate Substantial Shareholder filed by BlackRock, Inc. on June 22,
       2026, BlackRock, Inc. was deemed to be interested in 92,424,012 H shares (L) and 5,375,000 H shares (S). These shares
       were held by BlackRock Finance, Inc., Trident Merger, LLC, BlackRock Investment Management, LLC, BlackRock Holdco
       2, Inc., BlackRock Financial Management, Inc., BlackRock Holdco 4, LLC, BlackRock Holdco 6, LLC, BlackRock Delaware
       Holdings Inc., BlackRock Institutional Trust Company, National Association, BlackRock Fund Advisors, BlackRock Capital
       Holdings, Inc., BlackRock Advisors, LLC, BlackRock International Holdings, Inc., BR Jersey International Holdings L.P.,
       BlackRock Holdco 3, LLC, BlackRock Canada Holdings ULC, BlackRock Asset Management Canada Limited, BlackRock
       Australia Holdco Pty. Ltd., BlackRock Investment Management (Australia) Limited, BlackRock (Singapore) Holdco Pte. Ltd.,
       BlackRock HK Holdco Limited, BlackRock Asset Management North Asia Limited, BlackRock Cayman 1 LP, BlackRock
       Cayman West Bay Finco Limited, BlackRock Cayman West Bay IV Limited, BlackRock Group Limited, BlackRock Finance
       Europe Limited, BlackRock (Netherlands) B.V., BlackRock International Limited, BlackRock Group Limited-Luxembourg
       Branch, BlackRock Luxembourg Holdco S.à r.l., BlackRock Investment Management Ireland Holdings Unlimited Company,
       BlackRock Asset Management Ireland Limited, BLACKROCK (Luxembourg) S.A., BlackRock Investment Management (UK)
       Limited, BlackRock Fund Managers Limited, BlackRock Life Limited, BlackRock (Singapore) Limited, EG Holdings Blocker,
       LLC, Amethyst Intermediate, LLC, Aperio Holdings, LLC, Aperio Group, LLC, which were directly or indirectly controlled by
       BlackRock, Inc. BlackRock, Inc. was deemed to be interested in the shares held by such companies pursuant to the SFO.


Save as the above, to the best knowledge of the Company’s directors, as at June 30, 2026, no persons
(other than directors or chief executive of the Company) had any interests or short positions in the shares
or underlying shares of the Company that are required to be recorded in the register maintained by the
Company under Section 336 of the SFO.


INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF DIRECTORS AND CHIEF
EXECUTIVES IN THE SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND
DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY AND ANY OTHER ASSOCIATED
CORPORATIONS
As at June 30, 2026, none of the directors or chief executives of the Company had any interests or
short positions in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated
corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) that are required to be recorded in the register
kept by the Company under Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock
Exchange by the directors or chief executives pursuant to the Model Code (the “Model Code”) as set out in
Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules.

None of the directors or chief executives of the Company or their respective associates had been granted or
had exercised any rights to subscribe for the securities of the Company or any of its associated corporations
(within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) for the six months ended June 30, 2026.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The Board has adopted the code provisions as stipulated in the Corporate Governance Code (the “Code
Provision(s)”) in Part 2 of Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules and its latest amendments from time to time,
as the Company’s code of corporate governance practices. In compliance with the principles set out in
Part 2 of the Corporate Governance Code, the Board is committed to implementing effective corporate
governance policies to ensure that all decisions be made in good faith and in accordance with the principles
of transparency, fairness and integrity. With necessary and effective counterbalance, the Group perfects
its corporate governance structure in a sustained way, so as to improve the quality of supervision and
management and meet the expectations of its shareholders and the relevant parties.


                                                                                                                            17
TravelSky Technology Limited




OTHER INFORMATION




The Company has deviated from the Code Provision B.2.2 “every director, including those appointed for
a specific term, should be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years”. As stated
in the announcement of the Company dated February 27, 2023, the term of the seventh session of the
Board expired on February 26, 2023. The preparation work for the reelection is still in progress. Before
the completion of the re-election work, all members of the seventh session of the Board of the Company
will continue to fulfill their respective duties and responsibilities of directors in accordance with the laws,
administrative regulations and the Articles of Association. The normal operation of the Company will not be
affected by the postponement of re-election of the members of the Board.

The Company has deviated from the Code Provision B.3.5 “issuers should appoint at least one director of
a different gender to the nomination committee”. As at the date of this report, the nomination committee
of the Company comprises members of a single gender. Notwithstanding this, as at the date of this report,
the nomination committee of the Company is chaired by the chairman of the Board and the majority of the
members are independent non-executive directors, which is in compliance with Rule 3.27A of the Listing
Rules, and has not caused any adverse impact on the performance of duties by the nomination committee
or the formulation and implementation of the diversity policy for the Board and employees of the Company.
Meanwhile, the proportion of members of the nomination committee to the number of members of the
Board is relatively appropriate, which satisfies the needs of the nomination committee to perform its duties
in accordance with its terms of reference. In addition, the Company has adopted and implemented a board
diversity policy, according to which, in order to achieve long-term compliance with the gender diversity
policy, the Company will give priority to meeting the needs of gender diversity under equal conditions when
considering potential candidates for directors. In the future, the Company will endeavor to comply with Code
Provision B.3.5 as and when practicable.

Save as disclosed above, the Company had no other deviations from the Code Provisions in the first half of
2026.

For the six-month period ended June 30, 2026, the Company has adopted the Model Code set out in Appendix
C3 to the Listing Rules and standards required thereof as the model code and the standards for conducting
securities transactions by directors of the Company. After making specific enquiries to all directors, the
Company confirmed that all directors have acted in full compliance with the Model Code and the standards
regarding directors’ securities transactions required thereof during the six-month period ended June 30,
2026.




18
                                                                                       Interim Report 2026




                                                                                     OTHER INFORMATION




AMENDMENTS TO THE ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION
As stated in the announcement of the Company dated February 27, 2026, the Board proposed amendments
to the Articles of Association to change the Company’s business scope and registered address. The proposed
amendments are primarily made in response to the Company’s business operations, domicile status, and the
requirements of the industrial and commercial registration authorities, including: (i) the Company intends
to further expand its business scope to include “type I value-added telecommunication business and type
II value-added telecommunication business”; and (ii) to maintain consistency with the address information
recorded in the newly acquired real property certificate, the Company intends to update its registered
address as set out in the Articles of Association. As stated in the announcement of the Company dated June
1, 2026, the Board proposed amendments to the Articles of Association, to adjust the terms of reference
of the president of the Company subject to the corporate governance framework established under the
Company Law of the People’s Republic of China, relevant laws and regulations and the applicable domestic
and foreign regulatory rules and based on actual operation development of the Company. Such amendments
have been approved at the AGM of the Company held on June 26, 2026. The Articles of Association and
details of its amendments are available on the website of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the
“Stock Exchange”) and the Company’s compliance website.


AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Audit Committee of the Company has discussed and reviewed the unaudited interim results of the Group
for the six months ended June 30, 2026 with the Company’s management, and has also discussed matters
relating to internal control, risk management and financial reporting.


CHANGE OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND CHANGE IN
INFORMATION
Change of Directors and Senior Management
As stated in the announcement of the Company dated April 13, 2026, with effect from April 13, 2026, Mr.
Huang Rongshun resigned as an executive director of the Company and a member of the Strategy and
Investment Committee (Legal Compliance Committee) due to retirement, and has ceased to serve as the
general manager of the Company since March 20, 2026.

As stated in the announcement of the Company dated June 11, 2026, Mr. Sun Yuquan resigned as a
non-executive director of the Company and a member of the Strategy and Investment Committee (Legal
Compliance Committee) due to adjustment of other work arrangements.




                                                                                                       19
TravelSky Technology Limited




OTHER INFORMATION




As stated in the announcement of the Company dated June 26, 2026, Mr. Zeng Yongchao was elected and
appointed by the shareholders’ meeting of the Company as a non-executive director of the Company, and
the termination of office of Mr. Qu Guangji as a non-executive director and a member of the Strategy and
Investment Committee (Legal Compliance Committee) of the Company was approved; the Board of the
Company appointed Director Zeng Yongchao as a member of the Strategy and Investment Committee (Legal
Compliance Committee) of the Company on August 24, 2026.

As stated in the announcement of the Company dated June 26, 2026, the employee representative meeting
of the Company elected and appointed Mr. Sun Minghe as the employee representative director of the
Company, and resolved that Ms. Liang Shuang shall cease to act as the employee representative director of
the Company.

Change in Information of Directors
There has been no change in the information of directors of the Company that is required to be disclosed
pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules since the publication of the Company’s 2025 annual report.

                                                                               By order of the Board
                                                                                     Jiang Bo
                                                                                    Chairman

August 24, 2026




20
                                                                                   Interim Report 2026




                            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                 As at June 30, 2026
                                              (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


                                                                           As at              As at
                                                                        June 30,       December 31,
Assets                                                 Notes               2026               2025
Current assets:
  Cash and bank balances                                5.1     8,860,035,119.35   10,059,017,494.73
  Balances with clearing companies
  Loans to banks and other financial institutions
  Financial assets held for trading                     5.2     6,019,540,958.90    3,414,508,219.18
  Derivative financial assets
  Notes receivable                                      5.3       480,166,024.92      248,143,157.49
  Accounts receivable                                   5.4     4,479,654,911.13    5,106,913,414.98
  Receivables financing
  Advances to suppliers                                 5.5      228,755,764.03       218,866,208.80
  Premiums receivable
  Reinsurance accounts receivable
  Reinsurance contract reserves receivable
  Other receivables                                     5.6     3,331,343,457.06    2,853,637,688.95
  Including: Interest receivable
             Dividends receivable                                   5,500,000.00        5,500,000.00
  Financial assets purchased under resale agreements
  Inventories                                           5.7      157,636,345.89        79,496,278.28
  Including: Data resources
  Contract assets                                       5.8       83,853,118.19        75,742,973.38
  Assets held for sale
  Non-current assets maturing within one year           5.9       525,552,555.55      545,671,917.81
  Other current assets                                 5.10     1,297,570,416.09    1,286,064,183.52


Total current assets                                           25,464,108,671.11   23,888,061,537.12




                                                                                                   21
TravelSky Technology Limited




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
As at June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


                                                                                  As at             As at
                                                                               June 30,      December 31,
 Assets                                                    Notes                  2026              2025
 Non-current assets:
  Disbursements of loans and advances
  Debt investments
  Other debt investments
  Long-term receivables
  Long-term equity investments                             5.11          921,498,632.36      927,965,569.04
  Investments in other equity instruments                  5.12        1,427,800,000.00    1,052,313,600.00
  Other non-current financial assets                       5.13        1,113,051,859.51    1,116,357,687.34
  Investment properties                                    5.14          163,959,974.88      169,818,798.42
  Fixed assets                                             5.15        2,984,435,350.64    2,976,476,809.06
  Construction in progress                                 5.16           19,668,482.66       18,203,856.24
  Productive biological assets
  Oil and gas assets
  Right-of-use assets                                      5.17          222,628,081.55      286,900,097.77
  Intangible assets                                        5.18        1,518,708,458.00    1,699,851,111.76
  Including: Data resources                                               23,618,951.67       24,629,561.49
  Development expenditures                                  6.2          294,427,755.64      227,406,005.45
  Including: Data resources
  Goodwill                                                 5.19             260,400.76          260,400.76
  Long-term deferred expenses                              5.20          21,946,281.35       28,371,085.56
  Deferred tax assets                                      5.21         675,637,507.27      654,306,807.30
  Other non-current assets                                 5.22         124,690,486.49      144,301,861.08


 Total non-current assets                                              9,488,713,271.11    9,302,533,689.78


 Total assets                                                      34,952,821,942.22      33,190,595,226.90


The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

  Legal Representative: Jiang Bo      Chief Accountant: Liu Xianqing      Accountant in Charge: Wang Gang




22
                                                                                    Interim Report 2026




                                                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                 As at June 30, 2026
                                              (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


                                                                            As at              As at
                                                                         June 30,       December 31,
Liabilities and Shareholders’ equity                     Notes              2026               2025
Current liabilities:
  Short-term borrowings                                   5.24     512,757,308.23    1,288,402,134.97
  Borrowings from central bank
  Loans from banks and other financial institutions
  Financial liabilities held for trading
  Derivative financial liabilities
  Notes payable
  Accounts payable                                        5.25   2,346,647,854.47    2,443,621,921.40
  Advances from customers                                 5.26         134,433.43
  Contract liabilities                                    5.27   1,251,585,232.85    1,050,430,852.10
  Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements
  Absorption of deposits and interbank deposits
  Receiving from vicariously traded securities
  Receiving from vicariously sold securities
  Employee compensation payable                           5.28     277,072,533.89      320,138,829.90
  Taxes payable                                           5.29     212,007,136.45      249,244,910.86
  Other payables                                          5.30   3,716,878,864.45    2,280,682,802.54
  Including: Interest payable
              Dividends payable                                    827,845,050.11       27,150,969.34
  Handling charges and commissions payable
  Reinsurance accounts payable
  Liabilities held for sale
  Non-current liabilities maturing within one year        5.31     137,433,642.27      137,224,917.67
  Other current liabilities                               5.32      68,101,590.59       65,291,971.02


Total current liabilities                                        8,522,618,596.63    7,835,038,340.46




                                                                                                    23
TravelSky Technology Limited




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
As at June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


                                                                                    As at             As at
                                                                                 June 30,      December 31,
 Liabilities and Shareholders’ equity                       Notes                   2026              2025
 Non-current liabilities:
  Reserves for insurance contracts
  Long-term borrowings                                       5.33         482,976,591.11      471,200,000.00
  Bonds payable
  Including: Preferred stock
             Perpetual bonds
  Lease liabilities                                          5.34         105,977,486.25      164,965,639.83
  Long-term payables                                         5.35             395,709.35          395,709.35
  Long-term employee compensation payable
  Provisions                                                 5.36           1,643,120.73        1,702,448.23
  Deferred income                                            5.37           2,610,235.85        1,372,500.00
  Deferred tax liabilities                                   5.21         147,415,272.75       90,693,021.34
  Other non-current liabilities


 Total non-current liabilities                                            741,018,416.04      730,329,318.75


 Total liabilities                                                       9,263,637,012.67    8,565,367,659.21


 Shareholders’ equity:
   Share capital                                             5.38        2,926,209,589.00    2,926,209,589.00
   Other equity instruments
   Including: Preferred stock
              Perpetual bonds
   Capital reserves                                          5.39        1,267,468,110.48    1,267,468,110.48
   Less: Treasury stock
   Other comprehensive income                                5.40         446,593,155.59      135,684,837.81
   Special reserves
   Surplus reserves                                          5.41     5,063,514,529.44       4,871,436,773.32
   General risk reserves                                     5.42        15,707,880.64          15,228,948.37
   Retained earnings                                         5.43    15,310,552,760.29      14,767,735,851.01
   Total equity attributable to shareholders
     of the Company                                                  25,030,046,025.44      23,983,764,109.99
   Non-controlling interests                                            659,138,904.11         641,463,457.70


 Total shareholders’ equity                                          25,689,184,929.55      24,625,227,567.69


 Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                          34,952,821,942.22      33,190,595,226.90


The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

  Legal Representative: Jiang Bo        Chief Accountant: Liu Xianqing      Accountant in Charge: Wang Gang



24
                                                                                     Interim Report 2026




   STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE PARENT COMPANY
                                                                                   As at June 30, 2026
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


                                                                             As at              As at
                                                                          June 30,       December 31,
Assets                                                  Notes                2026               2025
Current assets:
  Cash and bank balances                                          5,400,628,084.42    7,120,057,312.32
  Financial assets held for trading                               6,019,540,958.90    3,414,508,219.18
  Derivative financial assets
  Notes receivable                                                  447,974,951.01      234,499,486.67
  Accounts receivable                                    17.1     4,290,421,026.97    4,672,467,944.67
  Receivables financing
  Advances to suppliers                                            218,308,457.80       213,844,999.74
  Other receivables                                      17.2      400,155,022.73       347,266,728.38
  Including: Interest receivable
             Dividends receivable                                   66,269,100.00        51,786,700.00
  Inventories                                                       37,361,715.92        33,298,107.35
  Including: Data resources
  Contract assets                                                   92,095,686.30        90,260,887.78
  Assets held for sale
  Non-current assets maturing within one year
  Other current assets                                            1,199,133,942.93    1,205,001,953.56


Total current assets                                            18,105,619,846.98    17,331,205,639.65




                                                                                                     25
TravelSky Technology Limited




STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE PARENT COMPANY
As at June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


                                                                                  As at             As at
                                                                               June 30,      December 31,
 Assets                                                    Notes                  2026              2025
 Non-current assets:
  Debt investments
  Other debt investments
  Long-term receivables
  Long-term equity investments                             17.3        2,774,634,366.45    2,779,881,525.64
  Investment in other equity instruments                               1,427,800,000.00    1,052,313,600.00
  Other non-current financial assets                                   1,113,051,859.51    1,116,357,687.34
  Investment properties                                                   64,210,532.49       68,332,353.15
  Fixed assets                                                         2,690,501,940.32    2,678,632,911.14
  Construction in progress                                                19,767,539.26       18,302,912.84
  Productive biological assets
  Oil and gas assets
  Right-of-use assets                                                    197,622,293.75      256,995,880.92
  Intangible assets                                                    1,401,634,689.44    1,569,499,382.10
  Including: Data resources                                               23,618,951.67       24,629,561.49
  Development expenditures                                               273,678,443.38      206,551,818.76
  Including: Data resources
  Goodwill
  Long-term deferred expenses                                            19,075,474.83       24,800,201.82
  Deferred tax assets                                                   655,305,158.20      636,975,903.83
  Other non-current assets


 Total non-current assets                                          10,637,282,297.63      10,408,644,177.54


 Total assets                                                      28,742,902,144.61      27,739,849,817.19


The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

  Legal Representative: Jiang Bo      Chief Accountant: Liu Xianqing      Accountant in Charge: Wang Gang




26
                                                                                      Interim Report 2026




                                           STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE PARENT COMPANY
                                                                                    As at June 30, 2026
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


                                                                              As at              As at
                                                                           June 30,       December 31,
Liabilities and Shareholders’ equity                     Notes                2026               2025
Current liabilities:
  Short-term borrowings
  Financial liabilities held for trading
  Derivative financial liabilities
  Notes payable
  Accounts payable                                                 2,486,376,521.22    2,624,968,520.63
  Advances from customers
  Contract liabilities                                             1,034,862,055.76      926,178,498.25
  Employee compensation payables                                     129,889,404.91      204,920,718.64
  Taxes payable                                                      164,520,289.86      148,449,251.36
  Other payables                                                   3,640,260,346.93    3,521,990,919.56
  Including: Interest payable
              Dividends payable                                     827,845,050.11        20,209,069.34
  Liabilities held for sale
  Non-current liabilities maturing within one year                  119,356,997.87       117,942,531.58
  Other current liabilities                                          70,013,949.04        56,356,580.61


Total current liabilities                                          7,645,279,565.59    7,600,807,020.63


Non-current liabilities:
 Long-term borrowings                                               482,976,591.11       471,200,000.00
 Bonds payable
 Including: Preferred stock
            Perpetual bonds
 Lease liabilities                                                   96,674,788.27       152,658,873.81
 Long-term payables
 Long-term employee benefits payable
 Provisions
 Deferred income                                                      1,410,235.85         1,372,500.00
 Deferred tax liabilities                                           133,757,900.68        76,801,994.15
 Other non-current liabilities


Total non-current liabilities                                       714,819,515.91       702,033,367.96


Total liabilities                                                  8,360,099,081.50    8,302,840,388.59




                                                                                                      27
TravelSky Technology Limited




STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE PARENT COMPANY
As at June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


                                                                                    As at             As at
                                                                                 June 30,      December 31,
 Liabilities and Shareholders’ equity                       Notes                   2026              2025
 Shareholders’ equity:
   Share capital                                                         2,926,209,589.00    2,926,209,589.00
   Other equity instruments
   Including: Preferred stock
              Perpetual bonds
   Capital reserves                                                      1,366,207,124.26    1,366,207,124.26
   Less: Treasury stock
   Other comprehensive income                                             473,697,431.10      154,533,991.10
   Special reserves
   Surplus reserves                                                   5,058,008,337.24       4,865,930,581.12
   Retained earnings                                                 10,558,680,581.51      10,124,128,143.12


 Total shareholders’ equity                                          20,382,803,063.11      19,437,009,428.60


 Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                          28,742,902,144.61      27,739,849,817.19


The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

  Legal Representative: Jiang Bo        Chief Accountant: Liu Xianqing      Accountant in Charge: Wang Gang




28
                                                                                                       Interim Report 2026




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                               For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                               (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


                                                                                  For the six months     For the six months
                                                                                     ended June 30,          ended June 30,
Item                                                                    Notes                   2026                   2025
I.   Total operating income                                             5.44        4,112,124,188.81       3,894,499,947.14
     Including: Operating income                                        5.44        4,112,124,188.81       3,894,499,947.14
                 Interest income
                 Earned premium
                 Fees and commission income


II. Total operating costs                                                           2,417,851,262.93       2,427,876,763.37
    Including: operating costs                                          5.44        1,579,304,893.98       1,606,525,896.47
                 Interest expenses
                 Handling charges and Commissions Expenses
                 Refunds of insurance premiums
                 Net payments for insurance claims
                 Net provisions for insurance liability reserves
                 Commissions on insurance policies
                 Cession charges
                 Taxes and surcharges                                   5.45          44,626,257.18           44,819,753.64
                 Selling and distribution expenses                      5.46          36,560,616.29           45,870,925.36
                 General and administrative expenses                    5.47         595,966,178.89          620,243,073.36
                 Research and development expenses                      5.48         191,649,620.76          166,323,848.95
                 Financial expenses                                     5.49         -30,256,304.17          -55,906,734.41
                 Including: Interest expenses                                         12,518,253.86            7,799,447.56
                            Interest income                                           50,830,895.66           57,411,998.60
    Plus: Other income                                                  5.50           3,276,643.78            3,903,044.93
           Investment income (“-” for losses)                           5.51          23,802,044.07           28,714,482.79
           Including: Gains from investment in associates
                         and joint ventures                                            -6,466,936.68          11,043,198.77
                       Gains from derecognition of financial assets
                         measured at amortized cost
           Foreign exchange gains (“-” for losses)
           Income from net exposure hedging (“-” for losses)
           Gains from the changes in fair value (“-” for losses)        5.52           4,219,643.53            9,398,506.85
           Credit impairment losses (“-” for losses)                    5.53          15,995,236.26          176,545,235.82
           Asset impairment losses (“-” for losses)                     5.54          -2,167,492.16            2,069,412.78
           Gains from disposal of assets (“-” for losses)               5.55                                   2,733,843.86




                                                                                                                        29
TravelSky Technology Limited




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


                                                                                   For the six months   For the six months
                                                                                      ended June 30,        ended June 30,
 Item                                                                      Notes                 2026                 2025
 III. Operating profits (“-” for losses)                                            1,739,399,001.36      1,689,987,710.80
      Plus: Non-operating income                                           5.56        15,607,468.45          1,917,439.73
      Less: Non-operating expenses                                         5.57        15,688,318.44         13,985,252.11


 IV. Total profits (“-” for total losses)                                           1,739,318,151.37      1,677,919,898.42
     Less: Income tax expenses                                             5.58       178,633,126.52        229,136,532.58


 V. Net profit (“-” for net loss)                                                   1,560,685,024.85      1,448,783,365.84
    (I) Classified by operating continuity
         1. Net profit from continuing operations (“-” for net loss)                1,560,685,024.85      1,448,783,365.84
         2. Net profit from discontinued operations (“-” for net losses)
    (II) Classified by ownership
         1. Net profit attributable to shareholders
               of the Company (“-” for net loss)                                    1,543,009,578.44      1,447,650,871.75
         2. Net profit attributable to non-controlling interests
               (“-” for net loss)                                                      17,675,446.41          1,132,494.09


 VI. Other comprehensive income, net of tax                                           310,908,317.78         30,963,792.32
     Other comprehensive income, net of tax attributable to
        shareholders of the Company                                                   310,908,317.78         30,963,792.32
     (I) Other comprehensive income that cannot be
            reclassified to profit or loss                                            319,163,440.00         33,587,580.00
          1. Changes of re-measurement in defined benefit plan
          2. Other comprehensive income that cannot be transferred to
                profit or loss under the equity method
          3. Changes in fair value of other equity
                instruments investment                                                319,163,440.00         33,587,580.00
          4. Changes in the fair value of the Company’s own credit risk




30
                                                                                                       Interim Report 2026




                           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                              For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                              (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


                                                                                  For the six months     For the six months
                                                                                     ended June 30,          ended June 30,
 Item                                                                     Notes                 2026                   2025
     (II) Other comprehensive income that may be reclassified
             to profit or loss                                                         -8,255,122.22          -2,623,787.68
          1. Other comprehensive income that may be reclassified to
                 profit or loss under the equity method
          2. Changes in fair value of other debt investment
          3. Amounts of financial assets reclassified to other
                 comprehensive income
          4. Provisions for credit impairment of other debt investments
          5. Cash flow hedging reserves
          6. Differences arising from translation of foreign-currency
                 financial statements                                                  -8,255,122.22          -2,623,787.68
          7. Others
     Other comprehensive income, net of tax,
        attributable to non-controlling interests


 VII. Total comprehensive income                                                   1,871,593,342.63        1,479,747,158.16
      Total comprehensive income attributable to
        shareholders of the Company                                                1,853,917,896.22        1,478,614,664.07
      Total comprehensive income attributable to
        non-controlling interests                                                     17,675,446.41            1,132,494.09


 VIII. Earnings per share:                                                5.59
       (I) Basic earnings per share (RMB/share)                                                 0.53                   0.49
       (II) Diluted earnings per share (RMB/share)                                              0.53                   0.49


The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

  Legal Representative: Jiang Bo                 Chief Accountant: Liu Xianqing     Accountant in Charge: Wang Gang




                                                                                                                        31
TravelSky Technology Limited




STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


                                                                               For the six months   For the six months
                                                                                  ended June 30,        ended June 30,
 Item                                                                  Notes                 2026                 2025
 I.   Operating income                                                 17.4     3,282,543,057.93      3,165,206,321.88
      Less: Operating costs                                            17.4     1,236,077,306.65      1,309,765,956.64
            Taxes and surcharges                                                   36,866,252.02         38,465,759.90
            Selling and distribution expenses                                       5,422,002.85         20,080,694.64
            General and administrative expenses                                   379,704,059.76        415,270,647.39
            Research and development expenses                                     129,649,857.38        127,081,309.64
            Financial expenses                                                     -3,397,713.03        -11,513,145.17
            Including: Interest expenses                                           11,172,033.41          6,960,012.58
                       Interest income                                             25,575,425.34         20,414,489.49
      Plus: Other income                                                            1,968,697.52          2,132,998.45
            Investment income (“-” for loss)                           17.5        53,876,417.25         30,949,960.28
            Including: Gains from investment in associates
                         and joint ventures                                         -5,247,159.19        12,262,976.26
                       Gains from derecognition of financial assets
                         measured at amortized cost
            Income from net exposure hedging (“-” for losses)
            Gains from changes in fair value (“-” for losses)                       4,219,643.53          9,398,506.85
            Credit impairment losses (“-” for losses)                              13,931,417.26        151,464,140.79
            Asset impairment losses (“-” for losses)                               -2,707,124.60          1,269,465.98
            Gains from disposal of assets (“-” for losses)                                                2,661,860.29


 II. Operating profits (“-” for loss)                                           1,569,510,343.26      1,463,932,031.48
     Plus: Non-operating income                                                    14,981,012.43            560,835.99
     Less: Non-operating expenses                                                  15,654,308.19         12,801,739.11


 III. Total profits (“-” for total losses)                                      1,568,837,047.50      1,451,691,128.36
      Less: Income tax expenses                                                   134,570,872.22        190,287,922.47


 IV. Net profit (“-” for net loss)                                              1,434,266,175.28      1,261,403,205.89
     (I) Net profit from continuing operations (“-” for net loss)               1,434,266,175.28      1,261,403,205.89
     (II) Net profit from discontinued operations (“-” for net loss)




32
                                                                                                      Interim Report 2026




                                              STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                             For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                             (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


                                                                                 For the six months     For the six months
                                                                                    ended June 30,          ended June 30,
 Item                                                                    Notes                 2026                   2025
 V. Other comprehensive income, net of tax                                          319,163,440.00           33,587,580.00
    (I) Other comprehensive income that cannot be
           reclassified to profit or loss                                           319,163,440.00           33,587,580.00
         1. Changes in re-measurement of the defined benefit plan
         2. Other comprehensive income that cannot be transferred
               to profit or loss under the equity method
         3. Changes in fair value of other equity instruments
               investment                                                           319,163,440.00           33,587,580.00
         4. Changes in the fair value of the Company’s own credit risk
    (II) Other comprehensive income that may be reclassified
           to profit or loss
         1. Other comprehensive income that may be transferred to
               profit or loss under the equity method
         2. Changes in fair value of other debt investments
         3. Amounts of financial assets reclassified to other
               comprehensive income
         4. Provisions for credit impairment of other debt investments
         5. Cash flow hedging reserves
         6. Differences arising from translation of foreign-currency
               financial statements
         7. Others


 VI. Total comprehensive income                                                   1,753,429,615.28        1,294,990,785.89


 VII. Earnings per share:
      (I) Basic earnings per share (RMB/share)
      (II) Diluted earnings per share (RMB/share)


The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

  Legal Representative: Jiang Bo                Chief Accountant: Liu Xianqing     Accountant in Charge: Wang Gang




                                                                                                                       33
TravelSky Technology Limited




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


                                                                       For the six months   For the six months
                                                                          ended June 30,        ended June 30,
 Item                                                          Notes                 2026                 2025
 I. Cash flows from operating activities
    Cash received from sales of goods and
      rendering of services                                             4,993,721,365.95      4,026,621,677.33
    Net increase in customer deposits and deposits from
      other banks and financial institutions
    Net increase in borrowings from central banks
    Net increase in loans from other financial institutions
    Cash received from receiving insurance premium
      of original insurance contract
    Net cash received from reinsurance business
    Net increase in deposits and investments
      from policyholders
    Cash received from interest, handling charges
      and commissions
    Net increase in loans from banks and other
      financial institutions
    Net capital increase in repurchase business
    Net cash received from vicariously traded securities
    Refunds of taxes and surcharges                                       105,483,364.11            856,040.37
    Cash received from other operating activities              5.61    80,573,089,408.01     57,658,822,810.80
 Sub-total of cash inflows from operating activities                   85,672,294,138.07     61,686,300,528.50
    Cash paid for goods purchased and services received                 1,164,122,498.92        954,038,106.02
    Net increase in customers’ loans and advances
    Net increase in deposits with central bank and
      with banks and other financial institutions
    Cash paid for original insurance contract claims
    Net increase in loans to banks and other
      financial institutions
    Cash paid for interest, handling charges and commissions
    Cash paid for policy dividends
    Cash paid to and on behalf of employees                             1,128,589,622.18      1,078,548,834.69
    Cash paid for taxes and surcharges                                    591,485,123.03        492,014,104.92
    Cash paid for other operating activities                   5.61    80,352,397,778.05     57,846,947,937.27
 Sub-total of cash outflows from operating activities                  83,236,595,022.18     60,371,548,982.90


 Net cash flows from operating activities                      5.62     2,435,699,115.89      1,314,751,545.60




34
                                                                                                  Interim Report 2026




                                                                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                          For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                          (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


                                                                             For the six months    For the six months
                                                                                ended June 30,         ended June 30,
 Item                                                              Notes                   2026                  2025
 II. Cash flows from investing activities
     Cash received from disposal of investments                               5,602,492,731.64       4,326,001,337.64
     Cash received from returns on investments                                   42,763,552.08          43,492,261.22
     Net cash received from disposal of fixed assets,
       intangible assets and other long-term assets                               2,053,864.00            230,031.73
     Net cash received from disposal of subsidiaries
       and other business units
     Cash received from other investing activities
 Sub-total of cash inflows from investing activities                          5,647,310,147.72       4,369,723,630.59
     Cash paid to acquire and construct fixed assets,
       intangible assets and other long-term assets                             199,718,525.17         387,432,803.21
     Cash paid for investments                                                8,200,062,500.00       9,100,066,190.32
     Net increase in pledge loans
     Net cash paid to acquire subsidiaries
       and other business units
     Cash paid for other investing activities
 Sub-total of cash outflows from investing activities                         8,399,781,025.17       9,487,498,993.53

 Net cash flows from investing activities                                     -2,752,470,877.45     -5,117,775,362.94

 III. Cash flows from financing activities
      Cash from absorption of investments
      Including: Cash received by subsidiaries from
                    investment by minority shareholders
      Cash received from borrowings                                             159,300,522.06       1,975,909,645.78
      Cash received from other financing activities
 Sub-total of cash inflows from financing activities                            159,300,522.06       1,975,909,645.78
      Cash paid for debts repayments                                            923,366,075.52       1,983,189,098.25
      Cash paid for distribution of dividends and
        profits or payment of interest                                           25,030,879.09          17,181,331.19
      Including: Dividends and profits paid to minority
                    shareholders by subsidiaries                                  6,941,900.00           1,136,500.00
      Cash paid for other financing activities                     5.61          63,350,794.34          57,609,797.71
 Sub-total of cash outflows from financing activities                         1,011,747,748.95       2,057,980,227.15

 Net cash flows from financing activities                                      -852,447,226.89         -82,070,581.37

 IV. Effect of fluctuation in exchange rate on cash
       and cash equivalents                                                     -18,980,083.68          -1,404,917.31

 V. Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                -1,188,199,072.13      -3,886,499,316.02
    Plus: beginning balance of cash and cash equivalents                     10,017,949,085.85      10,507,711,480.03

 VI. Closing balance of cash and cash equivalents                             8,829,750,013.72       6,621,212,164.01

The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

  Legal Representative: Jiang Bo            Chief Accountant: Liu Xianqing       Accountant in Charge: Wang Gang



                                                                                                                   35
TravelSky Technology Limited




STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS OF THE PARENT COMPANY
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


                                                                  For the six months   For the six months
                                                                     ended June 30,        ended June 30,
 Item                                                     Notes                 2026                 2025
 I. Cash flows from operating activities
    Cash received from sales of goods and
      rendering of services                                        3,776,793,973.55      3,126,727,158.06
    Refund of taxes and surcharges                                   103,703,222.02            327,630.97
    Cash received from other operating activities                     52,354,613.24         68,857,249.48
 Sub-total of cash inflows from operating activities               3,932,851,808.81      3,195,912,038.51
    Cash paid for goods purchased and services received              887,090,148.86        858,034,896.41
    Cash paid to and on behalf of employees                          651,254,072.28        651,032,817.12
    Cash paid for taxes and surcharges                               426,849,427.02        376,767,249.00
    Cash paid for other operating activities                         918,109,230.78        500,764,450.32
 Sub-total of cash outflows from operating activities              2,883,302,878.94      2,386,599,412.85


 Net cash flows from operating activities                          1,049,548,929.87        809,312,625.66


 II. Cash flows from investing activities
     Cash received from disposal of investments                    5,602,492,731.64      4,326,001,337.64
     Cash received from returns on investments                        59,971,152.08         43,492,261.22
     Net cash received from disposal of fixed assets,
       intangible assets and other long-term assets                    1,993,352.00           173,847.75
     Net cash received from disposal of subsidiaries
       and other business units
     Cash received from other investing activities
 Sub-total of cash inflows from investing activities               5,664,457,235.72      4,369,667,446.61
     Cash paid to acquire and construct fixed assets,
       intangible assets and other long-term assets                  182,288,723.10        379,139,793.78
     Cash paid for investments                                     8,200,062,500.00      9,100,066,190.32
     Net cash paid to acquire subsidiaries and
       other business units
     Cash paid for other investing activities
 Sub-total of cash outflows from investing activities              8,382,351,223.10      9,479,205,984.10


 Net cash flows from investing activities                          -2,717,893,987.38    -5,109,538,537.49




36
                                                                                                  Interim Report 2026




                                                           STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS OF THE PARENT COMPANY
                                                                        For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                        (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


                                                                             For the six months    For the six months
                                                                                ended June 30,         ended June 30,
 Item                                                            Notes                     2026                  2025
 III. Cash flows from financing activities
      Cash from absorption of investments
      Cash received from borrowings                                              11,130,000.00         471,200,000.00
      Cash received from other financing activities
 Sub-total of cash inflows from financing activities                             11,130,000.00         471,200,000.00
      Cash paid for debts repayments                                                                   200,000,000.00
      Cash paid for distribution of dividends and
        profits or payment of interest                                            6,289,529.63           3,247,368.89
      Cash paid for other financing activities                                   56,382,545.44          48,112,377.23
 Sub-total of cash outflows from financing activities                            62,672,075.07         251,359,746.12


 Net cash flows from financing activities                                       -51,542,075.07         219,840,253.88


 IV. Effect of fluctuation in exchange rate on cash
       and cash equivalents                                                         457,904.68           1,029,532.49


 V. Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                 -1,719,429,227.90     -4,079,356,125.46
    Plus: beginning balance of cash and cash equivalents                       7,120,057,312.32      7,834,760,091.25


 VI. Closing balance of cash and cash equivalents                             5,400,628,084.42       3,755,403,965.79


The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

  Legal Representative: Jiang Bo            Chief Accountant: Liu Xianqing       Accountant in Charge: Wang Gang




                                                                                                                   37
                                                                                                                                                                                   For the Period from January 1, 2026 to June 30, 2026




38
                                                                                                                                                       Equity attributable to shareholders of the parent company
                                                                                                                                                                       Less:                     Other                                                                                                                                     Total
                                                                                                  Other equity instruments                     Capital              Treasury          comprehensive                 Special                Surplus          General       Undistributed                              Minority      shareholders’
      Item                                                         Share capital   Preferred stock Perpetual bonds           Others          reserves                  stock                   income              reserves               reserves    risk reserves              profits           Sub-total         interest             equity
      I. Balance as at December 31, 2025                        2,926,209,589.00                                                      1,267,468,110.48                                135,684,837.81                               4,871,436,773.32   15,228,948.37   14,767,735,851.01    23,983,764,109.99   641,463,457.70   24,625,227,567.69
           Plus: Changes in accounting policies
                 Correction of accounting errors
                     in prior periods
                 Business combination under common control
                 Others
      II. Balance as at January 1, 2026                         2,926,209,589.00                                                      1,267,468,110.48                                135,684,837.81                               4,871,436,773.32   15,228,948.37   14,767,735,851.01    23,983,764,109.99   641,463,457.70   24,625,227,567.69
      III. Increase/decrease in 2026 (“-” for decreases)                                                                                                                              310,908,317.78                                 192,077,756.12      478,932.27      542,816,909.28     1,046,281,915.45    17,675,446.41    1,063,957,361.86
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               TravelSky Technology Limited




           (1) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                                             310,908,317.78                                                                   1,543,009,578.44     1,853,917,896.22    17,675,446.41    1,871,593,342.63
           (2) Capital contributed or reduced
                     by shareholders
                 (i) Common stock contributions
                           by shareholders
                 (ii) Capital contributed by the holders
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026




                           of other equity instruments
                 (iii) Amounts of share-based payments
                           recognized in shareholders’ equity
                 (iv) Others
           (3) Profit distribution                                                                                                                                                                                                   192,077,756.12     478,932.27    -1,000,192,669.16     -807,635,980.77                      -807,635,980.77
                 (i) Withdrawal of surplus reserves                                                                                                                                                                                  192,077,756.12                     -192,077,756.12
                 (ii) Withdrawal of general risk reserves                                                                                                                                                                                               478,932.27          -478,932.27
                 (iii) Profit distribution to shareholders                                                                                                                                                                                                              -807,635,980.77     -807,635,980.77                      -807,635,980.77
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)




                 (iv) Others
           (4) Internal carry-forward of
                     shareholders’ equity
                 (i) Conversion of capital reserves into
                           paid-in capital (or share capital)
                 (ii) Conversion of surplus reserves into
                           paid-in capital (or share capital)
                 (iii) Losses offset by surplus reserves
                 (iv) Carry-forward of changes in the
                           defined benefit plan
                           for retained earnings
                 (v) Carry-forward of other comprehensive
                           income for retained earnings
                 (vi) Others
           (5) Special reserves
                 (i) Amount withdrawn in 2026
                 (ii) Amount used in 2026
           (6) Others
      IV. Balance as at June 30, 2026                           2,926,209,589.00                                                      1,267,468,110.48                                446,593,155.59                               5,063,514,529.44   15,707,880.64   15,310,552,760.29    25,030,046,025.44   659,138,904.11   25,689,184,929.55



     The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY




                       Legal Representative: Jiang Bo                                                                                 Chief Accountant: Liu Xianqing                                                                                    Accountant in Charge: Wang Gang
                                                                                                                                                                                    For the Period from January 1, 2025 to June 30, 2025
                                                                                                                                                       Equity attributable to shareholders of the parent company
                                                                                                                                                                       Less:                      Other                                                          General                                                                        Total
                                                                          Share                   Other equity instruments                     Capital              treasury           comprehensive                     Special                 Surplus            risk       Undistributed                              Minority      shareholders’
      Items                                                              capital   Preferred stock Perpetual bonds           Others          reserves                  stock                    income                 reserves                 reserves        reserves              profits           Sub-total         interest             equity
      I. Balance as at December 31, 2024                        2,926,209,589.00                                                      1,267,468,110.48                                  98,947,549.31                                 4,509,067,403.87      13,260,933.32   13,489,875,636.21   22,304,829,222.19   592,156,477.65   22,896,985,699.84
           Plus: Changes in accounting policies
                 Correction of accounting errors
                     in prior periods
                 Business combination under common control
                 Others
      II. Balance as at January 1, 2025                         2,926,209,589.00                                                      1,267,468,110.48                                  98,947,549.31                                 4,509,067,403.87      13,260,933.32   13,489,875,636.21   22,304,829,222.19   592,156,477.65   22,896,985,699.84
      III. Increase/decrease in 2025 (“-” for decreases)                                                                                                                                30,963,792.32                                   170,291,613.33       1,968,015.05      576,027,151.60      779,250,572.30       156,594.09      779,407,166.39
           (1) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                                               30,963,792.32                                                                        1,447,650,871.75    1,478,614,664.07     1,132,494.09    1,479,747,158.16
           (2) Capital contributed or reduced
                     by shareholders
                 (i) Common stock contributions
                           by shareholders
                 (ii) Capital contributed by the holders
                           of other equity instruments
                 (iii) Amounts of share-based payments
                           recognized in shareholders’ equity
                 (iv) Others
           (3) Profit distribution                                                                                                                                                                                                         170,291,613.33    1,968,015.05    -871,623,720.15     -699,364,091.77       -975,900.00    -700,339,991.77
                 (i) Withdrawal of surplus reserves                                                                                                                                                                                        170,291,613.33                    -170,291,613.33
                 (ii) Withdrawal of general risk reserves                                                                                                                                                                                                    1,968,015.05      -1,968,015.05
                 (iii) Profit distribution to shareholders                                                                                                                                                                                                                   -699,364,091.77     -699,364,091.77       -975,900.00    -700,339,991.77
                 (iv) Others
           (4) Internal carry-forward of
                     shareholders’ equity
                 (i) Conversion of capital reserves into
                           paid-in capital (or share capital)
                 (ii) Conversion of surplus reserves into
                           paid-in capital (or share capital)
                 (iii) Losses offset by surplus reserves
                 (iv) Carry-forward of changes in the
                           defined benefit plan
                           for retained earnings
                 (v) Carry-forward of other comprehensive
                           income for retained earnings
                 (vi) Others
           (5) Special reserves
                 (i) Amount withdrawn in 2025
                 (ii) Amount used in 2025
           (6) Others
      IV. Balance as at June 30, 2025                           2,926,209,589.00                                                      1,267,468,110.48                                 129,911,341.63                                 4,679,359,017.20      15,228,948.37   14,065,902,787.81   23,084,079,794.49   592,313,071.74   23,676,392,866.23


     The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

                       Legal Representative: Jiang Bo                                                                                 Chief Accountant: Liu Xianqing                                                                                         Accountant in Charge: Wang Gang
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY




39
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                                                                    For the Period from January 1, 2026 to June 30, 2026




40
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Other
                                                                                                         Other equity instruments                                                 Less:            comprehensive                                                                                  Total
      Items                                                            Share capital   Preferred stock         Perpetual bonds       Others   Capital reserves           treasury stock                    income    Special reserves   Surplus reserves   Undistributed profits   shareholders’ equity

      I. Balance as at December 31, 2025                            2,926,209,589.00                                                          1,366,207,124.26                                     154,533,991.10                       4,865,930,581.12      10,124,128,143.12      19,437,009,428.60
           Plus: Changes in accounting policies
                 Correction of accounting errors in prior periods
                 Others
      II. Balance as at January 1, 2026                             2,926,209,589.00                                                          1,366,207,124.26                                     154,533,991.10                       4,865,930,581.12      10,124,128,143.12      19,437,009,428.60
      III. Increase/decrease in 2026 (“-” for decreases)                                                                                                                                           319,163,440.00                         192,077,756.12         434,552,438.39         945,793,634.51
           (1) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                                                          319,163,440.00                                              1,434,266,175.28       1,753,429,615.28
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TravelSky Technology Limited




           (2) Capital contributed or reduced by shareholders
                (i) Common stock contributions
                        by shareholders
                (ii) Capital contributed by the holders
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026




                        of other equity instruments
                (iii) Amounts of share-based payments
                        recognized in shareholders’ equity
                (iv) Others
           (3) Profit distribution                                                                                                                                                                                                        192,077,756.12        -999,713,736.89        -807,635,980.77
                (i) Withdrawal of surplus reserves                                                                                                                                                                                        192,077,756.12        -192,077,756.12
                (ii) Profit distribution to shareholders                                                                                                                                                                                                        -807,635,980.77        -807,635,980.77
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)




                (iii) Others
           (4) Internal carry-forward of shareholders’ equity
                (i) Conversion of capital reserves into
                        paid-in capital (or share capital)
                (ii) Conversion of surplus reserves into
                        paid-in capital (or share capital)
                (iii) Losses offset by surplus reserves
                (iv) Carry-forward of changes in the defined
                        benefit plan for retained earnings
                (v) Carry-forward of other comprehensive
                        income for retained earnings
                (vi) Others
           (5) Special reserves
                (i) Amount withdrawn in 2026
                (ii) Amount used in 2026
           (6) Others
      IV. Balance as at June 30, 2026                               2,926,209,589.00                                                          1,366,207,124.26                                     473,697,431.10                       5,058,008,337.24      10,558,680,581.51      20,382,803,063.11


     The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY OF THE PARENT COMPANY




                     Legal Representative: Jiang Bo                                                                           Chief Accountant: Liu Xianqing                                                        Accountant in Charge: Wang Gang
                                                                                                                                                     For the Period from January 1, 2025 to June 30, 2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                              Other
                                                                                                         Other equity instruments                                                   Less:            comprehensive                                                                                   Total
      Items                                                            Share capital   Preferred stock         Perpetual bonds       Others   Capital reserves             treasury stock                    income     Special reserves   Surplus reserves   Undistributed profits   shareholders’ equity

      I. Balance as at December 31, 2024                            2,926,209,589.00                                                          1,366,207,124.26                                        113,265,760.25                       4,503,561,211.67       9,265,084,043.12      18,174,327,728.30
           Plus: Changes in accounting policies
                 Correction of accounting errors in prior periods
                 Others
      II. Balance as at January 1, 2025                             2,926,209,589.00                                                          1,366,207,124.26                                        113,265,760.25                       4,503,561,211.67       9,265,084,043.12      18,174,327,728.30
      III. Increase/decrease in 2025(“-” for decreases)                                                                                                                                                33,587,580.00                         170,291,613.33         391,747,500.79         595,626,694.12
           (1) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                                                              33,587,580.00                                              1,261,403,205.89        1,294,990,785.89
           (2) Capital contributed or reduced by shareholders
                (i) Common stock contributions
                        by shareholders
                (ii) Capital contributed by the holders
                        of other equity instruments
                (iii) Amounts of share-based payments
                        recognized in shareholders’ equity
                (iv) Others
           (3) Profit distribution                                                                                                                                                                                                           170,291,613.33        -869,655,705.10        -699,364,091.77
                (i) Withdrawal of surplus reserves                                                                                                                                                                                           170,291,613.33        -170,291,613.33
                (ii) Profit distribution to shareholders                                                                                                                                                                                                           -699,364,091.77        -699,364,091.77
                (iii) Others
           (4) Internal carry-forward of shareholders’ equity
                (i) Conversion of capital reserves into
                        paid-in capital (or share capital)
                (ii) Conversion of surplus reserves into
                        paid-in capital (or share capital)
                (iii) Losses offset by surplus reserves
                (iv) Carry-forward of changes in the defined
                        benefit plan for retained earnings
                (v) Carry-forward of other comprehensive
                        income for retained earnings
                (vi) Others
           (5) Special reserves
                (i) Amount withdrawn in 2025
                (ii) Amount used in 2025
           (6) Others
      IV. Balance as at June 30, 2025                               2,926,209,589.00                                                          1,366,207,124.26                                        146,853,340.25                       4,673,852,825.00       9,656,831,543.91      18,769,954,422.42


     The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY OF THE PARENT COMPANY




                     Legal Representative: Jiang Bo                                                                           Chief Accountant: Liu Xianqing                                                           Accountant in Charge: Wang Gang




41
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Interim Report 2026
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


1    COMPANY PROFILE
     TravelSky Technology Limited (hereinafter referred to as the “the Company” or “Company”) was
     incorporated in Beijing, the People’s Republic of China on October 18, 2000, with offering of 577,303,500
     shares at the time of establishment, par value of RMB1.00 per share, and totaled share capital of
     RMB577,303,500.00.

     On February 7, 2001, the Company completed its initial offering of H shares of 310,854,000 shares (par
     value of RMB1.00 per share) to overseas investors, and listed on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Ltd.
     (the “SEHK”), increasing its total share capital to RMB888,157,500.00 after the offering.

     On June 5, 2007, at the annual general meeting and class shareholders’ meeting of the Company,
     the Company approved to distribute bonus at RMB1.00 par value per share to shareholders with the
     capital reserves-equity premiums of RMB888,157,500.00, with one bonus share for each existing share
     held, totaling 888,157,500 shares for each existing share for one share, and meanwhile increased the
     share capital of the Company. After the conversion, the number of ordinary shares of the Company
     increased from 888,157,500 shares to 1,776,315,000 shares and the total share capital increased to
     RMB1,776,315,000.00.

     According to the Company’s extraordinary shareholders meeting resolution in July 2008, the Company
     issued 174,491,393 ordinary shares (par value of RMB1.00 per share) to China TravelSky Holding
     Company Limited (formerly known as China TravelSky Holding Company, hereinafter referred to as
     “CTH”) as all equities of China Accounting Center of China Aviation Limited Company (hereinafter
     referred to as “China Aviation Accounting”) acquired by the Company from CTH of all equity interests
     in China Aviation Settlement Co., Ltd. and the consideration for property (hereinafter referred to
     as “Property”) located at Dongxing Lane, Chaoyang District, Beijing, China. Upon completion of the
     acquisition in March 2009, the number of ordinary shares of the Company increased from 1,776,315,000
     shares to 1,950,806,393 shares and the total share capital increased to RMB1,950,806,393.00.

     In accordance with the resolution of the annual general meeting on June 28, 2011, the Company was
     approved to, by RMB975,403,196.00 by way of allocation of its reserves and retained earnings to capital,
     increase its share capital with discretionary surplus (RMB487,701,598.00) and undistributed profits
     (RMB487,701,598.00), and distribute the bonus to the shareholders of the Company whose names
     appeared on its register of shareholders on June 28, 2011, with one bonus share for every two shares
     of the Company held at that time, and the total share capital of the Company after the capital increase
     increased to RMB2,926,209,589.00.

     As at June 30, 2026, the Company cumulatively issued share capital was 2,926,209,589 shares, and the
     registered share capital was RMB2,926,209,589.00.




42
                                                                                         Interim Report 2026




                                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


1   COMPANY PROFILE (CONTINUED)
    The existing unified social credit code: 9111000071092729XP. Registered office: Room A2912, Building
    5, Yuhang Road No.8 Yard, Shunyi District, Beijing (changed on August 25, 2026.). Legal representative:
    Jiang Bo (changed on January 12, 2026.)

    The Company’s business scope includes: Permitted items: Internet information service business.
    (Projects that require approval according to law can only be carried out with the approval of relevant
    departments. Specific business projects shall be subject to the approval documents or licenses of
    relevant departments). General business items: Industrial Internet data services; digital technology
    services; Internet data services; network technology services; computer software, hardware and
    peripheral equipment manufacturing; computer software, hardware and auxiliary equipment wholesale;
    computer software, hardware and auxiliary equipment retail; software development; technical services,
    technology development, Technical consultation, technology exchange, technology transfer, technology
    promotion; information technology consulting services; computer system services; information
    system operation and maintenance services; communication equipment sales; leasing services
    (excluding licensed leasing services); software sales; cloud computing equipment sales; Network
    equipment sales; technology import and export; goods import and export; information consulting
    services (excluding licensing information consulting services); information system integration services;
    intelligent control system integration. (The Company may independently choose business items and
    conduct business activities in accordance with the law) (any operating activity of the item banned and
    restricted by Beijing industrial policy may not be conducted.)

    The business nature of the Company is: Aviation information technology services.

    The industry in which the Company operates is: Other air transportation auxiliary activities.

    The Company’s main business activities are: The company targets airlines, airports, ticket sales
    agents, tourism companies, civil aviation-related institutions and international organizations, and
    provides a full range of air passenger business processing, air travel electronic distribution, airport
    passenger processing, air cargo data processing, Internet travel platforms, international and domestic
    Passenger and freight revenue management system applications and agency settlement and clearing
    services.

    The parent company of the Company is China TravelSky Holding Company Limited, and the effective
    controller of the Company is the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of
    the State Council of China.

    The Company and its subsidiaries are hereinafter collectively referred to as the “the Group”.

    The financial statements have been approved by the Company’s board of directors on August 24, 2026.




                                                                                                         43
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


2    BASIS OF PREPARATION FOR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     2.1 Basis of preparation
          The Company prepares financial statements in accordance with the “Accounting Standards for
          Business Enterprises – Basic Standards” and all the specific accounting standards, Application
          Guidance to the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises, the interpretation of the
          Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises and other relevant provisions (hereinafter
          referred to as the “Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises”). In addition, the financial
          statements are also in compliance with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules
          Governing the Listing of Securities issued by The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, as well
          as the applicable disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

     2.2 Going concern
          The financial statements are prepared on a going concern basis.


3    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
     The following contents disclosed have covered the specific accounting policies and accounting
     estimates formulated according to the characteristics of actual production and business operation by
     the Company.

     3.1 Statement on compliance with the Accounting Standards for Business
         Enterprises
          The financial statements meet the requirements of the Accounting Standards for Business
          Enterprises issued by the Ministry of Finance, and truly and completely reflect the consolidated
          financial position and the parent company’s financial position as at June 30, 2026, and the
          consolidated operating results and the parent company’s operating results, the consolidated cash
          flows and the parent company’s cash flows for the period from January 2026 to June 2026.

     3.2 Accounting period
          The accounting year is from January 1 to December 31 in calendar year.

     3.3 Operating cycle
          The Company’s operating cycle is 12 months.

     3.4 Functional currency
          The Company adopts RMB as its functional currency. Subsidiaries of the Company determine
          their functional currency according to the main economic environment in which they operate. This
          financial statement is presented in RMB.




44
                                                                                         Interim Report 2026




                                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.5 Accounting treatment methods for business combinations under common
        control and not under common control
        Business combination under common control: For the assets and liabilities acquired from
        business combination by the combining party (including the goodwill formed by the acquisition by
        the final controller of the combine), they are measured at book value of assets and liabilities in
        the consolidated financial statements of the final controller on the combination date. The stock
        premium in capital reserves is adjusted according to the difference between the book value of net
        assets acquired through combination and the book value of consideration paid for the combination
        (or total par value of shares issued). If the stock premium in capital reserves is insufficient to
        cover the difference, the remaining amount will be charged against retained earnings.

        Business combination not under common control: The combination costs are the fair value, on
        the acquisition date, of any assets acquired, any liabilities incurred or assumed, and any equity
        securities issued by the acquirer, in exchanges for the right of control over the acquiree. The
        Company shall recognize the difference of the combination costs in excess of the fair value of the
        identifiable net assets acquired from the acquiree as goodwill. The Company shall recognize the
        difference of the combination costs in short of the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired
        from the acquiree in the current profit or loss. The identifiable assets, liabilities, and contingent
        liabilities of the acquiree that are obtained by the acquirer from combination and conform to the
        recognition criteria shall be measured at the fair value on the acquisition date.

        Direct relevant expenses arising from the business combination are included in the current profit
        or loss upon occurrence. Trading expenses on issuing equity securities or debt securities for the
        business combination are included in the initially recognized amount of the equity securities or
        the debt securities.

    3.6 Preparation method of consolidated financial statements
        3.6.1 Scope of consolidation
             The consolidation scope of consolidated financial statements is determined on the basis of
             control, covering the Company and all the subsidiaries. Control means the Company has
             the power over the investee and enjoys the variable return through participating in activities
             related to the investee, and has the ability to affect the return of the investee by using the
             power over the investee.




                                                                                                          45
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
     (CONTINUED)
     3.6 Preparation method of consolidated financial statements (Continued)
          3.6.2 Procedures for consolidation
               The Company regards the entire enterprise group as an accounting entity and prepares
               consolidated financial statements in accordance with unified accounting policies to reflect
               the overall financial status, operating results and cash flow of the enterprise group. The
               influence of internal transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries or between
               subsidiaries shall be offset. If internal transactions indicate that the relevant assets have
               suffered impairment losses, this part of losses shall be confirmed in full. If the accounting
               policies or accounting periods of a subsidiary are different from those of the Company,
               adjustments are made in accordance with the Company’s accounting policies and accounting
               periods when preparing the consolidated financial statements.

               The share of shareholders’ equity, current net profit or loss and current comprehensive
               income of subsidiaries attributable to minority shareholders are respectively and separately
               presented under the shareholders’ equity in the consolidated balance sheet, the net profit in
               the consolidated income statement, and the total comprehensive income in the consolidated
               income statement. If the current loss shared by a minority shareholder of a subsidiary
               exceeds the balances arising from the shares enjoyed by the minority shareholder in the
               shareholders’ equity of the subsidiary at the beginning of the period, minority equity will be
               written down accordingly.

               (1)   Increase of subsidiaries or business
                     During the reporting period, where the Company acquired subsidiaries or business
                     from the business combination under common control, the operating results and
                     cash flows of the newly acquired subsidiaries or business from the beginning of the
                     period for business combination to the end of the reporting period are included in the
                     consolidated financial statements; the beginning amount of the consolidated financial
                     statements and relevant items in the comparative statements are adjusted accordingly,
                     as if the reporting entity after the business combination exists as of the time when the
                     ultimate controller has the control.

                     Where control can be exercised on the investee under the common control for
                     additional investment or other reasons, equity investments held before the control
                     over the combined party is obtained, the related profits or losses, other comprehensive
                     income as well as other changes in net assets recognized from the later between
                     the date when the original equity is obtained and the date when the acquirer and the
                     acquiree are under common control to the combination date will respectively write
                     down the beginning retained earnings or the current profit or loss during the period
                     for comparing financial statements.




46
                                                                                        Interim Report 2026




                                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.6 Preparation method of consolidated financial statements (Continued)
        3.6.2 Procedures for consolidation (Continued)
             (1)   Increase of subsidiaries or business (Continued)
                   During the reporting period, if the Company acquired subsidiaries or business from the
                   business combination not under common control, all identifiable assets, liabilities and
                   contingent liabilities will be included in the consolidated financial statements from the
                   purchase date based on their fair value determined on purchase date.

                   Where the Company can control the investee not under common control for additional
                   investments, it shall re-measure equity of the acquiree held before the acquisition
                   date at the fair value of such equity on the acquisition date and include the difference
                   between the fair value and book value in the current investment income. Where equity
                   of the acquiree held before the acquisition date involves in other comprehensive
                   income that can be reclassified into profit or loss and other changes in shareholders’
                   equity accounted for under the equity method shall be transferred to the investment
                   income in the year which the acquisition date falls in.

             (2)   Disposal of subsidiaries
                   ①    General treatment methods
                        When the Company losses the control over the investee due to disposal of partial
                        equity investment or other reasons, the remaining equity investment after the
                        disposal should be re-measured by the Company at the fair value thereof on the
                        date of losing the control. The difference of total amount of the consideration
                        from disposal of equities plus the fair value of the remaining equities less the
                        shares calculated at the original shareholding ratio in net assets and goodwill
                        of the original subsidiary which are continuously calculated as of the acquisition
                        date or combination date shall be included in the investment income of the period
                        at the loss of control. Other comprehensive income that will be reclassified
                        into profit or loss later associated with the equity investments of the original
                        subsidiary, or the changes in other shareholders’ equity calculated under the
                        equity method, shall be transferred into investment income of the current period
                        when control is lost.




                                                                                                        47
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
     (CONTINUED)
     3.6 Preparation method of consolidated financial statements (Continued)
          3.6.2 Procedures for consolidation (Continued)
               (2)   Disposal of subsidiaries (Continued)
                     ②    Disposal of subsidiaries by stages
                          If the control is lost due to disposal of the equity investments in subsidiaries
                          through multiple transactions by stages, and the terms, conditions and economic
                          impact of the transactions related to the disposal of equity investments in
                          subsidiaries meet one or more of the following circumstances, it usually indicates
                          that multiple transactions will be treated a package deal:

                          i.     The transactions are concluded at the same time or under the consideration
                                 of mutual effect;

                          ii.    These transactions as a whole can reach a complete business result;

                          iii.   The occurrence of a transaction depends on that of other transaction or
                                 more; and/or

                          iv.    A single transaction is uneconomical but it is economical when considered
                                 together with other transactions.

                          Where various transactions belong to a package deal, accounting treatment
                          shall be made by the Company on the transactions as a transaction to dispose
                          subsidiaries and lose the control; the difference between each disposal cost and
                          net asset share in the subsidiaries corresponding to each disposal of investments
                          before loss of the control should be recognized as other comprehensive income
                          in the consolidated financial statements and should be transferred into the
                          current profit or loss at the loss of the control.

                          Where various transactions do not belong to a package deal, before the loss of
                          the control, accounting treatment shall be made according to the partial disposal
                          of equity investments in the subsidiary without losing control; at the loss of the
                          control, accounting treatment shall be made according to general treatment
                          methods for disposal of subsidiaries.




48
                                                                                      Interim Report 2026




                                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.6 Preparation method of consolidated financial statements (Continued)
        3.6.2 Procedures for consolidation (Continued)
             (3)   Purchase of minority interest of subsidiaries
                   The share premium in the capital reserves under the consolidated balance sheet will
                   be adjusted at the difference between the long-term equity investment acquired by the
                   Company for the purchase of minority interest and the share of net assets calculated
                   constantly from the acquisition date (or combination date) according to the newly
                   increased shareholding ratio. If the share premium is insufficient to offset, retained
                   earnings will be adjusted.

             (4)   Partial disposal of equity investments in subsidiaries without losing control
                   The equity premium of capital reserves in the consolidated balance sheet will be
                   adjusted according to the difference between the disposal price and the share of net
                   assets of subsidiaries calculated from the acquisition date or the combination date
                   corresponding to the disposal of long-term equity investments; if the equity premium
                   of capital reserves is insufficient, the retained earnings will be adjusted.

    3.7 Recognition criteria of cash and cash equivalents
        Cash refers the Company’s cash on hand and the unrestricted deposits. Cash equivalents refer
        to short-term and highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of the
        cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of change in value.

    3.8 Foreign currency transactions and translation of foreign currency
        statements
        3.8.1 Foreign currency transactions
             As for foreign currency transactions of the Company, the amounts of these transactions are
             translated into RMB at the spot exchange rate on the day when these transactions occur.

             The balance of foreign currency items on the balance sheet date are translated at the
             spot exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Except those arising from specific-purpose
             borrowings in foreign currencies related to assets eligible for capitalization that shall
             be measured in accordance with principle of capitalization of the borrowing costs, other
             exchange differences shall be recognized in profit or loss for the current period.




                                                                                                      49
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
     (CONTINUED)
     3.8 Foreign currency transactions and translation of foreign currency
         statements (Continued)
          3.8.2 Translation of foreign currency financial statements
               When the Company measures the foreign currency statements of its overseas business, the
               assets and liabilities in the balance sheet are translated at the spot exchange rates on the
               balance sheet date; owners’ equity items, except for the item of “retained earnings”, are
               translated at the spot exchange rates on the date when the business occurs. The income
               and expenses items in income statements are translated at the spot exchange rate on the
               day when the transaction occurs.

               At the disposal of overseas business, the translation differences of foreign currency
               statements relating to the overseas business shall be transferred from the owner’s equity
               item to the current profit or loss at disposal.

     3.9 Financial instruments
          When the Company becomes a party to a financial instrument, it shall recognize a financial asset,
          financial liability, or equity instrument.

          3.9.1 Classification of financial instruments
               According to the business model of financial assets and contractual cash flow
               characteristics of the same, which are subject to the management of the Company, financial
               assets are classified at initial recognition as: financial assets measured at the amortized
               cost, financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income and
               financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss.

               Financial assets not designated to be measured at fair value through the current profit
               or loss in line with the following conditions will be reclassified into the financial assets
               measured at amortized cost:

               –     The business model aims to collect contractual cash flows;

               –     The contract cash flow is only the payment for the principal and the interest based on
                     the outstanding principal amount.




50
                                                                                           Interim Report 2026




                                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
        3.9.1 Classification of financial instruments (Continued)
             Financial assets not designated to be measured at fair value through profit or loss in line
             with the following conditions will be reclassified into the financial assets (debt instruments)
             measured at fair value through other comprehensive income:

             –    Where the purpose of the business model is to collect contractual cash flows and sell
                  such financial assets;

             –    Contractual cash flow is only the payment for the principal and the interest based on
                  the outstanding principal amount.

             At the initial recognition, the Company irrevocably designates the non-trading equity
             instrument investments as financial assets (equity instruments) measured at fair value
             through the other comprehensive income. The designation is made based on a single
             investment and the relevant investment is in line with the definition of the equity instrument
             from the issuer’s perspective.

             Except for the financial assets measured at amortized cost and the financial assets
             measured at fair value through other comprehensive income mentioned above, all the
             remaining financial assets are classified as financial assets measured at fair value
             through profit or loss. At the initial recognition, in order to eliminate or obviously reduce
             accounting mismatch, the Company may irrevocably designate the financial assets that shall
             be classified to be measured at amortized cost or measured at fair value through other
             comprehensive income as financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss.

             At the initial recognition, financial liabilities are classified as: financial liabilities measured
             at fair value through profit or loss and financial liabilities measured at the amortized cost.




                                                                                                            51
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
     (CONTINUED)
     3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
          3.9.2 Recognition basis and measurement method of financial instruments
               (1)   Financial assets measured at amortized cost
                     Financial assets measured at amortized cost include notes receivable and accounts
                     receivable, other receivables, long-term receivables, and creditors’ investment,
                     etc., of which initial measurement is made at fair value, and relevant transaction
                     costs are included in the initially recognized amount; exclude accounts receivable
                     with significant financing component and accounts receivable with the financing
                     component not exceeding one year and not considered by the Company, of which initial
                     measurement is made at the contract transaction price.

                     During the holding period, the interest calculated with the effective interest method
                     should be included in the current profit or loss.

                     At recovery or disposal, the difference between the purchase price obtained and the
                     book value of such financial assets is included in the current profit or loss.

               (2)   Financial assets (debt instruments) measured at fair value through the other
                     comprehensive income
                     Financial assets (debt instruments) measured at fair value through the other
                     comprehensive income include receivables financing and other creditors’ investment,
                     of which initial measurement is made at fair value, and relevant transaction costs are
                     included in the initially recognized amount. The subsequent measurement of such
                     financial assets is made at fair value. Changes in fair value are included in other
                     comprehensive income except for the interest calculated by the effective interest
                     method, impairment losses or reversal, and exchange gains or losses.

                     At derecognition, the accumulated gains or losses previously included in other
                     comprehensive income are transferred from the other comprehensive income to the
                     current profit or loss.




52
                                                                                        Interim Report 2026




                                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
        3.9.2 Recognition basis and measurement method of financial instruments (Continued)
            (3)   Financial assets (equity instruments) measured at fair value through other
                  comprehensive income
                  Financial assets (equity instruments) measured at fair value through other
                  comprehensive income, including the investment in other equity instruments, are
                  initially measured at fair value, and relevant transaction costs are included in the
                  initially recognized amount. The subsequent measurement of such financial assets is
                  made at fair value, and the changes in fair value are included in other comprehensive
                  income. The dividends obtained are included in the current profit or loss.

                  At derecognition, the accumulated gains or losses previously included in other
                  comprehensive income are transferred from the other comprehensive income to the
                  retained earnings.

            (4)   Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
                  Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss include trading financial
                  assets, derivative financial assets and other non-current financial assets, of which
                  initial measurement is made at fair value, and relevant transaction costs are included
                  in the current profit or loss. The subsequent measurement of such financial assets is
                  made at fair value, and changes in fair value are included in the current profit or loss.

            (5)   Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss
                  Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss include trading
                  financial liabilities and derivative financial liabilities, of which initial measurement is
                  made at fair value, and relevant transaction costs are included in the current profit or
                  loss. The subsequent measurement of such financial liabilities is made at fair value,
                  and changes in fair value are included in the current profit or loss.

                  At derecognition, the difference between the book value and the consideration paid of
                  such financial liabilities is included in the current profit or loss.




                                                                                                         53
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
     (CONTINUED)
     3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
          3.9.2 Recognition basis and measurement method of financial instruments (Continued)
               (6)   Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost
                     Financial liabilities measured at the amortized cost include short-term borrowings,
                     notes payable and accounts payable, other payables, long-term borrowings, bonds
                     payable and long-term payables, of which initial measurement is made at fair value,
                     and related transaction costs are included in the initially recognized amount.

                     During the holding period, the interest calculated by the effective interest method is
                     included in the current profit or loss.

                     At derecognition, the difference between the consideration paid and the book value of
                     such financial liabilities is included in the current profit or loss.

          3.9.3 Derecognition and transfer of financial assets
               Where one of the following conditions is met, the Company shall derecognize financial
               assets:

               –     The contractual right of collecting cash flows of financial assets is terminated;

               –     The financial assets have been transferred, and nearly all of the risks and rewards
                     related to the ownership of the financial assets have been transferred to the
                     transferee;

               –     The financial assets have been transferred, and the Company does not retain the
                     control over the financial assets through it has neither transferred nor retained nearly
                     all risks and rewards related to the ownership of the financial assets.

               When the Company modifies or renegotiates a contract with a counterparty and the
               modification constitutes a material change, the original financial asset is derecognized and
               a new financial asset is recognized in accordance with the modified terms.

               At the transfer of financial assets, where nearly all the risks and rewards related to the
               ownership of the financial assets have been retained, such financial assets shall not be
               derecognized.

               In determining whether the transfer of a financial asset meets the above derecognition
               criteria of financial assets, the principle of substance over form will be adopted.




54
                                                                                       Interim Report 2026




                                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
        3.9.3 Derecognition and transfer of financial assets (Continued)
             The Company divides the transfer of financial assets into overall transfer and partial
             transfer. Where the entire transfer of financial assets meets the derecognition conditions,
             the difference of the following two amounts is included in the current profit or loss:

             (1)   The book value of the transferred financial asset;

             (2)   The sum of consideration received from the transfer, and the accumulated change
                   amount of fair value originally recorded in shareholders’ equity (the financial assets
                   involved in the transfer are financial assets (debt instruments) measured at fair value
                   through the other comprehensive income).

             Where the partial transfer of a financial asset meets the derecognition criteria, the entire
             book value of the financial asset transferred shall be allocated between the derecognized
             part and the recognized part based on the relative fair value, and the difference between the
             following two amounts shall be included in the current profit or loss:

             (1)   The book value of derecognized part;

             (2)   The sum of the consideration for the derecognized part and the amount corresponding
                   to the de-recognition part in the accumulated change amount of fair value originally
                   and directly included in shareholders’ equity (where the financial assets transferred
                   are the financial assets (debt instruments) measured at fair value through the other
                   comprehensive income).

             Where the transfer of financial assets does not meet the derecognition criteria, the financial
             assets shall continue to be recognized, and the consideration received shall be recognized
             as a financial liability.




                                                                                                       55
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
     (CONTINUED)
     3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
          3.9.4 Derecognition of financial liabilities
               Where the present obligations of financial liabilities have been discharged in whole or in
               part, the financial liabilities or any part thereof shall be derecognized; if the Company signs
               an agreement with creditors to replace the existing financial liabilities by undertaking
               new financial liabilities, and the new financial liabilities are substantially different from
               the existing ones in terms of contract terms, the existing financial liabilities shall be
               derecognized, and at the same time, the new financial liabilities shall be recognized.

               Where substantive changes are made to the contract terms of existing financial liabilities in
               whole or in part, the existing financial liabilities shall be derecognized in whole or in part,
               and the financial liabilities of which terms have been modified shall be recognized as the
               new financial liabilities.

               Where financial liabilities are derecognized is whole or in part, the difference between the
               book value of the financial liabilities derecognized and the consideration paid (including
               non-cash assets surrendered and the new financial liabilities assumed) shall be included in
               current profit or loss.

               Where the Company redeems part of its financial liabilities, it shall, on the redemption date,
               allocate the entire book value of whole financial liabilities according to the comparative fair
               value of the part that continues to be recognized and the derecognized part. The difference
               between the book value allocated to the derecognized part and the considerations paid
               (including non-cash assets surrendered and the new financial liabilities assumed) shall be
               included in the current profit or loss.

          3.9.5 Recognition methods of the fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities
               As for the financial instruments for which there is an active market, the quoted prices in the
               active market shall be used to determine the fair values thereof. Where there is no active
               market for a financial instrument, the valuation techniques shall be adopted to determine
               its fair value. At the time of valuation, the Company shall adopt the valuation technique
               that is applicable to the current circumstance and is supported by sufficient available data
               and other information to select the input values consistent with the assets or liabilities
               characteristics that are considered by market participants in transactions of relevant assets
               and liabilities and shall give priority in use of observable input values. Unobservable input
               values may be used only when observable input values are unavailable or impractical to
               obtain.




56
                                                                                      Interim Report 2026




                                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                               For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                               (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
        3.9.6 Test method and accounting treatment of impairment of financial assets
             The Company estimates the expected credit loss of financial assets measured at the
             amortized cost and financial assets (debt instruments) measured at fair value through other
             comprehensive income, and financial guarantee contracts on an expected credit loss basis.

             By considering such reasonable and well-founded information as relevant matters in
             the past, current conditions and prediction of future economic conditions, the Company
             calculates the probability weighted amount, weighted by default risk, of the present value
             of the difference between the cash flows receivable under the contract and the cash flows
             expected to be received, to determine the expected credit loss.

             For receivables and contract assets arising from the transactions specified in the
             Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 14 – Revenue, whether or not they
             contain significant financing components, the Company always makes the provision for
             credit loss at the amount equivalent to the expected credit loss over the whole duration.

             For lease receivables arising from the transactions specified in the Accounting Standards
             for Business Enterprises No. 21 – Leases, the Company chooses to always makes the
             provision for credit loss at the amount equivalent to the expected credit loss over the whole
             duration.

             For other financial instruments, the Company assesses at each balance sheet date the
             changes in credit risk of the relevant financial instruments since initial recognition.

             By comparing the default risk in financial instruments on the balance sheet date with the
             default risk in financial instruments on the initial recognition date, the Company determines
             the relative change in default risk in financial instruments during the estimated duration
             to assess whether the credit risk of financial instruments has greatly increased following
             the initial recognition of such financial instruments. Generally, once the period is overdue
             for over 30 days, the Company may consider that there is obvious increase in credit risk of
             such financial instrument, unless there is unambiguous evidence that there is no obvious
             increase in credit risk of such financial instrument following the initial recognition.

             If the credit risk of the financial instrument is low on the balance sheet date, the Company
             will immediately consider that there is no obvious increase in credit risk of such financial
             instrument following the initial recognition.




                                                                                                       57
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
     (CONTINUED)
     3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
          3.9.6 Test method and accounting treatment of impairment of financial assets (Continued)
               If there is obvious increase in credit risk following the initial recognition of such financial
               instrument, the Company will measure the loss provision at the amount which is equivalent
               to the amount of the expected credit loss over the entire duration of such financial
               instrument; if there is no obvious increase in credit risk following the initial recognition of
               such financial instrument, the Company will measure the loss provision at the amount which
               is equivalent to the amount of the expected credit loss within 12 months in the future of
               such financial instrument. Amount increased or reversed of loss provision arising therefrom
               will be included in the current profit or loss as impairment loss or gain. For financial
               assets (debt instruments) at fair value through other comprehensive income, a provision for
               impairment is recognized in other comprehensive income, and the impairment loss or gain
               is recognized in profit or loss and does not reduce the carrying amount of the financial asset
               as stated in the balance sheet.

               The Company combines the accounts receivable and contract assets according to similar
               credit risk characteristics and based on forward-looking information and all other
               reasonable and reliable information, estimates the proportion of provision for bad debts of
               accounts receivable as follows:

                 Determination basis of
                 portfolio                  Portfolio analysis method
                 Portfolio of receivables   For the accounts receivable from related parties (including
                   from related parties     the open accounts with the shareholder company, the open
                                            accounts between the parent company and the subsidiaries or
                                            between subsidiaries), in principle, no provision for bad debts
                                            shall be made. However, if there is conclusive evidence that
                                            the debt unit of the related party has been revoked, bankrupt,
                                            insolvent, and the cash flow is seriously insufficient, and the
                                            receivables will not be recovered by debt restructuring or other
                                            means, the corresponding provision for bad debts shall be
                                            accrued according to the estimated possible losses from bad
                                            debts, and the provision for bad debts may also be accrued for
                                            all the receivables from related parties that are estimated to be
                                            unrecoverable.
                 Portfolio of receivables   Based on the experience of historical credit losses, the Group
                   from third parties       adopts a simplified method to calculate the expected credit
                                            losses by using the reserve matrix for the expected credit
                                            losses of the whole duration.


               The measurement of provision for impairment loss on other receivables is conducted in
               accordance with the measurement method of impairment loss on the aforesaid financial
               assets (excluding accounts receivables).
58
                                                                                     Interim Report 2026




                                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
        3.9.6 Test method and accounting treatment of impairment of financial assets (Continued)
             The balance of other receivables mainly includes: The payment by the Company’s wholly
             owned subsidiary, China Aviation Accounting Co., Ltd. paid on behalf of airlines for the
             settlement and clearing services provided to them, and the principal of the factoring of
             accounts receivable collected by Antu Jinxin Commercial Factoring Co., Ltd., a subsidiary
             of China Aviation Accounting Co., Ltd. As these accounts are within the normal collection
             period, and from experience observations, no credit risk has occurred, or the borrower has
             strong financial support to repay the funds in the short term. Hence, they are treated low
             credit risk and no expected credit loss is accrued.

             For various types of margin, deposit and reserve borrowings, in principle, no provision
             for bad debts is made. However, if there is conclusive evidence that bad debts have been
             formed, corresponding bad debt provisions will be made based on the estimated bad debt
             losses that may occur.

             If the Company no longer reasonably expects that the contractual cash flow of the financial
             asset can be fully or partially recovered, the book balance of the financial asset will be
             directly written down.

    3.10 Inventories
        3.10.1 Classification and cost of inventories
             Inventories are classified as: Raw materials, low-cost consumables, stock commodities,
             goods dispatched, contract performance cost, contract acquisition cost, etc.

             Inventories are initially measured at cost, and the inventory cost includes the procurement
             cost, processing cost, and other expenses arising from making the inventory at their present
             location and condition.

        3.10.2 Measurement method of dispatched inventories
             The Company’s inventories are measured using the specific identification method when
             shipped.

        3.10.3 Inventory system
             Perpetual inventory system is adopted.

        3.10.4 Amortization methods for low-cost consumables and packaging materials
             (1)   One-off write-off method is adopted for low-cost consumables;

             (2)   Reusable packaging materials are amortized into cost and expenses over their
                   expected usage times.



                                                                                                      59
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
     (CONTINUED)
     3.10 Inventories (Continued)
          3.10.5 Recognition standards and accrual methods for inventory depreciation provisions
               On the balance sheet date, inventories shall be measured at the cost or the net realizable
               value, whichever is lower. Where the inventory cost is higher than its realizable value, the
               provision for inventory impairment shall be made. During routine activities, net realizable
               values of inventories refer to the amounts of the estimated selling prices of inventories
               minus the estimated costs to completion, estimated selling expenses and relevant taxes and
               surcharges.

               Net realizable values of merchandise inventories held directly for sale, such as finished
               goods, stock commodities, and available-for-sale materials, are measured at the estimated
               selling prices less estimated sales expenses and relevant taxes and surcharges in the
               normal production process. Net realizable values of material inventories which need
               further processing are measured at the estimated selling prices less the estimated costs
               of completion, estimated sales expenses and relevant taxes and surcharges in the normal
               production process. Net realizable values of inventories held for the purpose of fulfillment
               of sales contracts or service contracts are calculated on the basis of the contract prices; if
               the quantity of inventories held exceeds that stated in the contract, the net realizable values
               of the excessive part are calculated on the basis of normal selling prices.

               When the provision for inventory impairment is made, where the previous factor rendering
               the write-down of the inventory value has been eliminated, for which the net realizable
               value of the inventory is higher than the book value of the same, the provision for inventory
               impairment shall be reversed from the amount of provision for inventory impairment
               originally made, and the reversed amount shall be included in the current profit or loss.

     3.11 Contract assets
          3.11.1 Recognition method and criteria for contract assets
               The Company presents contract assets or contract liabilities in the balance sheet based on
               the relationship between its performance of fulfillment obligations and customer payments.
               The right of the Company to the charge of consideration via goods transfer or service
               rendering to the customer (and the right depends on other factors except for the time
               lapses) is presented as contract asset. Contractual assets and contractual liabilities under
               the same contract shall be presented at net amount. The unconditional (only depending on
               the time lapses) right to the charge of consideration from the customer, possessed by the
               Company, is presented as receivables.

          3.11.2 Determination method and accounting treatment for the expected credit loss of contract
                 assets
               See “3.9.6 Test method and accounting treatment of impairment of financial assets”, for
               the determination method and accounting treatment for the expected credit loss of contract
               assets.


60
                                                                                        Interim Report 2026




                                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.12 Assets held for sale and discontinued operation
        3.12.1 Assets held for sale
             Where the Company recovers the book value of any non-current asset or disposed asset
             portfolio mainly through selling (including the exchange of non-monetary assets with
             commercial essence) but not continuously using the same, such non-current asset or
             disposed asset portfolio shall be divided into assets held for sale.

             The Company recognizes non-current assets or disposed asset portfolios meeting the
             following conditions at the same time as assets held for sale:

             (1)   According to the general practice for selling such kind of asset or disposed asset
                   portfolio in the similar transaction, the asset or portfolio can be immediately sold in
                   the prevailing circumstance;

             (2)   The sale of the asset or portfolio is very likely to happen, which means that the
                   Company has made a resolution for one selling plan and has acquired the decided
                   purchase commitment, and it is estimated that the sale will be completed within one
                   year. Where the sale is subject to the approval of relevant authorities or regulatory
                   authorities of the Company according to relevant provisions, the approval has been
                   obtained.

             For any non-current asset (excluding financial assets, deferred tax assets) or disposed
             asset portfolio classified assets as held for sale, where its book value is higher than the net
             amount of its fair value less the selling expense, the book value shall be written down to the
             net amount of the fair value less the selling expense, and the amount written down shall be
             recognized as the losses from asset impairment and included in the current profit or loss,
             while the provision for impairment of assets held for sale is made.




                                                                                                        61
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
     (CONTINUED)
     3.12 Assets held for sale and discontinued operation (Continued)
          3.12.2 Discontinued operation
               A discontinued operation is a separately distinguishable component that meets one of the
               following conditions and that has been disposed of by the Company or classified by the
               Company as held for sale:

               (1)   The component represents a separate major operation or a separate major operating
                     area;

               (2)   The component is part of a related plan for the proposed disposition of a separate
                     principal business or a separate principal operating area;

               (3)   The component is a subsidiary acquired exclusively for resale.

               Gains and losses from continuing operations and gains and losses from discontinued
               operations are presented separately in the income statement. Operating gains and losses,
               such as impairment losses and reversal amount for discontinued operations, as well
               as gains and losses on disposals, are presented as gains and losses from discontinued
               operations. For discontinued operations reported in the current period, the Company
               restates the information that was previously reported as profit or loss from continuing
               operations as profit or loss from discontinued operations for the comparable accounting
               period in the financial statements of current period.

     3.13 Long-term equity investments
          3.13.1 Judgment criteria for joint control and significant influence
               Joint control refers to the control shared over an arrangement in accordance with the
               relevant stipulations, and the decision-making of related activities of the arrangement
               should not be made before the party sharing the control right agrees the same. Where the
               Company exercises common control over the investee together with other parties to the
               joint venture and enjoys the right on the investee’s net assets, the investee is a joint venture
               of the Company.

               Significant influence refers to the power to participate in making decisions on the financial
               and operating policies of the investee, but not the power to control or jointly control
               the formulation of such policies with other parties. Where the Company is able to exert
               significant influence over the investee, the investee is its associate.




62
                                                                                        Interim Report 2026




                                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.13 Long-term equity investments (Continued)
        3.13.2 Determination of initial investment cost
             (1)   Long-term equity investment acquired from business combination
                   For the long-term equity investments in subsidiaries formed by the business
                   combination under common control, the share of book value of its shareholders’ equity
                   in the combine in the consolidated financial statements of the ultimate controller shall
                   be recognized, on the combination date, as the initial cost of the long-term equity
                   investment. If there is a difference between the initial investment cost of the long-term
                   equity investment and the book values of the paid consideration, the difference shall
                   be used to adjust the share premium in the capital reserve; and if the share premium
                   in the capital reserve is insufficient to be offset, retained earnings shall be adjusted.
                   If it is possible to control an investee under the same control due to additional
                   investment or other reasons, the initial investment cost of the long-term equity
                   investment confirmed according to the above principles shall be equal to the book
                   value of the long-term equity investment before the merger plus the new consideration
                   paid for further shares acquired on the merger date. The difference between the sum
                   of the book values shall be adjusted to the equity premium. If the equity premium is
                   insufficient to offset, the retained earnings shall be offset.

                   For the long-term equity investments in subsidiaries formed by the business
                   combination not under common control, the Company recognizes the combination cost
                   determined on the combination date as the initial investment cost of long-term equity
                   investments. If it is possible to exercise control over an investee that is not under the
                   same control due to additional investment or other reasons, the initial investment cost
                   shall be the sum of the book value of the original equity investment plus the cost of the
                   new investment.

             (2)   Long-term equity investment acquired by means other than business combination
                   For long-term equity investments acquired through making payments in cash, its initial
                   investment cost is the actually paid purchase cost.

                   For long-term equity investments acquired from issuance of equity securities, its initial
                   investment cost is the fair value of the issued equity securities.




                                                                                                        63
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
     (CONTINUED)
     3.13 Long-term equity investments (Continued)
          3.13.3 Subsequent measurement and recognition of profits or losses
               (1)   Long-term equity investments accounted for under the cost method
                     Long-term equity investments of the Company in its subsidiaries are accounted
                     for under the cost method unless such investments meet the conditions of holding
                     for sale. Under the cost method, except for the actual price paid for acquisition of
                     investment or the cash dividends or profits contained in the consideration which
                     have been declared but not yet distributed, the Company recognizes the proportion it
                     shall enjoy in the cash dividends or profits declared by the investee as its investment
                     income.

               (2)   Long-term equity investments accounted for under equity method
                     Long-term equity investments in associates and joint ventures are accounted for
                     under the equity method. If the initial investment cost is in excess of the share of fair
                     value of the net identifiable assets in the investee when the investment is made, the
                     difference will not be adjusted to the initial cost of long-term equity investment; if the
                     initial investment cost is in short of the share of the fair value of the net identifiable
                     assets in the investee when the investment is made, the difference will be included in
                     the current profit or loss, and will be adjusted to the initial cost of long-term equity
                     investment.

                     The Company shall, based on its attributable share of the net profit or loss and other
                     comprehensive income realized by the investee, respectively recognize the investment
                     income and other comprehensive income, and simultaneously adjust the book value of
                     the long-term equity investment. The Company shall, in the light of the profits or cash
                     dividends that the investee declares to distribute, reduce the book value of the long-
                     term equity investment correspondingly. As to other changes in shareholders’ equity
                     of the investee other than net profit or loss, other comprehensive income and profit
                     distribution (hereinafter referred to as “Other Changes in shareholders’ Equity”), the
                     Company shall adjust the book value of the long-term equity investment and include
                     such change in the shareholders’ equity.

                     The Company shall, based on the fair value of net identifiable assets of the investee
                     when the investment is made, recognize its attributable share of the net profits or
                     losses, other comprehensive income, and other changes in shareholders’ equity of the
                     investee after the adjustment made to the net profit and other comprehensive income
                     of the investee according to the accounting policies and accounting period adopted by
                     the Company.




64
                                                                                        Interim Report 2026




                                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.13 Long-term equity investments (Continued)
        3.13.3 Subsequent measurement and recognition of profits or losses (Continued)
             (2)   Long-term equity investments accounted for under equity method (Continued)
                   The Company calculates its attributable but not realized profit or loss from internal
                   transactions between the Company and its associates or joint ventures based on its
                   attributable percentage and offset such profit or loss and recognizes the investment
                   income on that basis; however, businesses formed by assets invested or sold are
                   excluded. Unrealized losses from internal transactions between the Company and any
                   investee shall be recognized in full if they belong to the losses from asset impairment.

                   For net losses on joint ventures or associates, apart from the obligation of assuming
                   the extra loss, the Company shall write down such losses with the book value of long-
                   term equity investments and the long-term equity where net investments in joint
                   ventures or associates have been formed substantially; and the maximum of such
                   losses shall be the sum of the book value and long-term equity mentioned above.
                   Where any joint venture or associate realize net profit in the future, the Company shall
                   recognize the income sharing amount when the unrecognized loss sharing amount is
                   offset with the income sharing amount.

             (3)   Disposal of long-term equity investments
                   For disposal of long-term equity investments, the difference between the book value
                   and the actual price shall be included in the current investment income.

                   For long-term equity investments with partial disposal accounting by the equity
                   method, where the remaining equity is still accounted for by the equity method, other
                   comprehensive income recognized originally upon the accounting by the equity method
                   shall be carried forward at the corresponding proportion on the basis same with
                   that for the direct disposal of relevant assets or liabilities by the investee, and other
                   changes in shareholders’ equity shall be carried forward to the current profit or loss in
                   proportion.

                   Where the Company loses the common control over or significant influence on the
                   investee on account of the disposal of equity investment and any other reason, when
                   the accounting by the equity method is terminated, other comprehensive income
                   recognized upon the accounting by the equity method from the original equity
                   investment shall be subject to the accounting treatment which is made on the basis
                   same with that for the direct disposal of relevant assets or liabilities by the investee,
                   and other changes in shareholders’ equity shall be transferred to the current profit or
                   loss in full.




                                                                                                        65
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
     (CONTINUED)
     3.13 Long-term equity investments (Continued)
          3.13.3 Subsequent measurement and recognition of profits or losses (Continued)
               (3)   Disposal of long-term equity investments (Continued)
                     Where the Company loses the control over the investee on account of the disposal
                     of partial equity and any other reason, at the preparation of any single financial
                     statements, if the remaining equity has the common control over or significant
                     influence on the investee, the accounting shall be made by the equity method, and an
                     adjustment shall be made as if the remaining equity was accounted for by the equity
                     method at acquisition; other comprehensive income recognized before the control
                     over the investee is obtained shall be carried forward on the basis same with that for
                     the direct disposal of relevant assets or liabilities by the investee, and other changes
                     in shareholders’ equity recognized on account of the accounting by the equity method
                     shall be carried forward to the current profit or loss in proportion; if the remaining
                     equity has no common control over or significant influence on the investee, relevant
                     financial assets shall be recognized, the difference between the fair value on the day
                     of losing control of such remaining equity and the book value of the same shall be
                     included in the current profit or loss, and other comprehensive income and other
                     changes in shareholders’ equity which have been recognized before the control over
                     the investee is obtained shall be carried forward in full.

                     Where the disposal of subsidiaries’ equity investments till the loss of control by stages
                     through multiple transactions belongs to a package deal, the accounting treatment
                     shall be made by taking each transaction as the transaction where the subsidiaries’
                     equity investments are disposed and the corresponding control is lost; before the loss
                     of control, the difference between the disposal price and the book value of the long-
                     term equity investment corresponding to the equity disposed shall be firstly recognized
                     as other comprehensive income in the individual financial statements, and at the
                     loss of control, all transferred to the profit or loss for the period when the control is
                     lost. Where the aforesaid disposal does not belong to a package deal, the accounting
                     treatment shall be made respectively for each transaction.




66
                                                                                        Interim Report 2026




                                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.14 Investment properties
        Investment property is the property to earn rentals or for capital appreciation or both. Examples
        include leased land use right, land use right held for transfer upon appreciation, and leased
        building (including buildings that have been constructed or developed for future lease out under
        operating leases, and buildings that are being constructed or developed for future lease out
        under operating leases).

        Subsequent expenditures related to investment properties are included in the costs of investment
        properties when relevant economic benefits are likely to flow in the Company and their costs can
        be measured reliably; otherwise, such subsequent expenditures shall be included in the current
        profit or loss when occur.

        The Company measures its existing investment property by using the cost model. For investment
        properties measured using the cost method – a building used for rental is subject to Company’s
        depreciation policy for fixed assets, and the land use right used for rental is subject to the
        amortization policy for intangible assets.

    3.15 Fixed assets
        3.15.1 Recognition criteria of fixed assets
             Fixed assets refer to tangible assets held for commodity production, rendering of services,
             renting or business management, with the useful lives over one year. Fixed assets are
             recognized when they simultaneously meet the following conditions:

             (1)   It is probable that the economic benefits relating to the fixed assets will flow into the
                   Company; and

             (2)   The costs of the fixed assets can be measured reliably.

             The initial measurement of fixed assets is made at cost (and by taking the impact of
             expected disposal costs).

             The subsequent expenditures relating to fixed assets are included in the costs of fixed
             assets when relevant economic benefits are likely to flow in the Company and their costs
             can be measured reliably; as for the part replaced, the book value thereof is derecognized;
             all other subsequent expenditures are included in the current profit or loss when they occur.




                                                                                                        67
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
     (CONTINUED)
     3.15 Fixed assets (Continued)
          3.15.2 Depreciation method
               The provision for depreciation of fixed assets is made by the straight-line method by
               category. The depreciation rate is determined based on the category, estimated useful life
               and estimated net residual value rate of fixed assets. For fixed assets where the provision
               for impairment has been made, the depreciation amount in the future will be determined at
               the book value of the fixed assets where the provision for impairment has been deducted,
               based on the remaining useful life. Where the fixed assets have the components with
               different useful lives or bring economic benefits for the enterprise in different ways, then
               the Company should choose different depreciation rates or methods to separately make the
               provision for depreciation.

               The depreciation life, residual value rates and annual depreciation rates of fixed assets are
               presented by category as follows:

                                                                                                   Annual
                                                       Depreciation     Residual value        depreciation
                 Category                                life (Year)          rate (%)            rate (%)
                 Buildings and constructions                  10-35                3.00          2.77-9.70
                 Transportation facilities                     5-10                3.00         9.70-19.40
                 Machinery and equipment                       3-10                3.00         9.70-32.33
                 Electronic equipment                          3-11                3.00         8.82-32.33
                 Office equipment                               3-9                3.00        10.78-32.33
                 Others                                         2-9                3.00        10.78-48.50


          3.15.3 Disposal of fixed assets
               When the fixed assets are disposed, or they are expected not to bring any economic interest
               via use or disposal, such fixed assets will be derecognized. When the fixed asset is sold,
               transferred, scrapped or damaged, the Company will include such disposal revenue,
               deducting the book value and related taxes and surcharges thereof, in the current profit or
               loss.




68
                                                                                       Interim Report 2026




                                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.16 Construction in progress
        Construction in progress is measured at the actual cost incurred. The actual costs include
        building costs, installation costs, borrowing costs eligible for capitalization and other necessary
        expenditures to make the construction in progress achieve the working condition for its intended
        use. Constructions in progress are transferred to fixed assets when they reach the condition for
        its intended use, and the provision of depreciation will be provided since the next month.

        The standards and timing for transferring the company’s construction-in-progress to fixed assets
        are as follows:

        The physical construction (including installation) of the fixed asset has been completed or
        substantially completed.

        The amount of expenditure on fixed assets for this construction is very small or almost no longer
        occurs.

    3.17 Borrowing costs
        3.17.1 Recognition criteria of capitalization of borrowing costs
             The borrowing costs incurred to the Company and directly attributable to the acquisition
             and construction or production of assets eligible for capitalization should be capitalized and
             recorded into asset costs; other borrowing costs should be recognized as costs according to
             the amount incurred and be included into the current profit or loss.

             Assets eligible for capitalization refer to fixed assets, investment property, inventories
             and other assets which may reach their intended use or sale status only after long-time
             acquisition and construction or production activities.




                                                                                                        69
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
     (CONTINUED)
     3.17 Borrowing costs (Continued)
          3.17.2 Capitalization period for borrowing costs
               Capitalization period refers to the period from the beginning of capitalization to the cease
               of capitalization for borrowing costs, excluding the period of capitalization suspension of
               borrowing costs.

               Borrowing costs may be capitalized only when all the following conditions are met:

               (1)   Asset expenses, which include those incurred by cash payment, the transfer of non-
                     cash assets or the undertaking of interest-bearing debts for acquiring and constructing
                     or producing assets eligible for capitalization, have already been incurred;

               (2)   Borrowing costs have already been incurred;

               (3)   The acquisition and construction or production activities which are necessary to
                     prepare the assets for their intended use or sale have already been started.

               Capitalization of borrowing costs should be ceased when the acquired and constructed or
               produced assets eligible for capitalization have reached their intended use or sale status.

          3.17.3 Period of capitalization suspension
               If the acquisition and construction or production activities of assets eligible for capitalization
               are abnormally interrupted and such condition lasts for more than 3 months, the
               capitalization of borrowing costs should be suspended; if the interruption is necessary
               procedures for the acquired, the constructed or produced assets eligible for capitalization to
               reach the working conditions for its intended use or sale, the borrowing costs continue to be
               capitalized. Borrowing costs incurred during the interruption are recognized as the current
               profit or loss and continue to be capitalized until the acquisition, construction or production
               of the assets restarts.




70
                                                                                       Interim Report 2026




                                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.17 Borrowing costs (Continued)
        3.17.4 Measurement of capitalization rate and capitalized amounts of borrowing costs
             As for special borrowings borrowed for acquiring and constructing or producing assets
             eligible for capitalization, borrowing costs of special borrowing actually incurred in the
             current period less the interest income of the borrowings unused and deposited in bank
             or return on temporary investment should be recognized as the capitalization amount of
             borrowing costs.

             As for general borrowings used for acquiring and constructing or producing assets eligible
             for capitalization, the amount of general borrowings to be capitalized should be calculated
             by multiplying the weighted average of asset disbursements of the part of accumulated
             asset disbursements exceeding special borrowings by the capitalization rate of used general
             borrowings. The capitalization rate is calculated by weighted average interest rate of general
             borrowings.

             During the capitalization period, exchange differences of principal and interest on foreign
             currency special borrowings shall be capitalized and included in the cost of assets eligible
             for capitalization. Exchange differences arising from the principal and interest on foreign
             currency borrowings other than foreign currency special borrowings are recognized in the
             current profit or loss.

    3.18 Intangible assets
        3.18.1 Measurement of intangible assets
             (1)   The Company initially measures intangible assets at cost on acquisition;
                   The costs of externally acquired intangible assets comprise their purchase prices,
                   related taxes and surcharges and any other directly attributable expenditure incurred
                   to prepare the assets for their intended use.

             (2)   Subsequent measurement
                   The useful lives of the intangible assets are analyzed and determined on acquisition.

                   As for intangible assets with limited useful life, straight-line amortization method
                   is adopted in the period when the intangible assets generate economic benefit for
                   enterprise; if the period when the intangible assets generate economic benefit for
                   enterprise cannot be forecasted, the intangible assets should be deemed as those with
                   indefinite useful life and should not be amortized.




                                                                                                       71
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
     (CONTINUED)
     3.18 Intangible assets (Continued)
          3.18.2 Estimate of the useful life of the intangible assets with definite useful lives
                                    Estimated          Amortization               Residual
                 Item               useful live        method                      rate (%)   Basis
                 Data resource      3 – 5 years        straight-line                   0.00   Period of benefit
                 Land use right     40 – 50 years      straight-line                   0.00   Useful life
                 Software           3 – 5 years        straight-line                   0.00   Period of benefit
                 Non-patented       5 years            straight-line                   0.00   Period of benefit
                   technology


          3.18.3 Determination basis and procedure for review of useful life for intangible assets with
                 indefinite useful life
               As at the balance sheet date, the Group has no intangible assets with indefinite useful lives.

          3.18.4 Scope of collection of research and development expenditures
               Expenditures incurred by the company during the research and development process include
               relevant employee salaries, consumed materials, related depreciation and amortization
               expenses and other related expenses for personnel engaged in research and development
               activities.

          3.18.5 Specific criteria for classifying research and development stages
               The Company’s expenses for its internal research and development projects are classified
               into research expenses and development expenses.

               Research stage: Research stage is the stage when creative and planned investigation and
               research activities are conducted to acquire and understand new scientific or technological
               knowledge.

               Development stage: Development stage is the stage when the research achievements and
               other knowledge are applied to a plan or design, prior to the commercial production or use,
               so as to produce any new or substantially improved material, device or product.




72
                                                                                             Interim Report 2026




                                                                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.18 Intangible assets (Continued)
        3.18.6 Criteria for capitalization of development expenditures
             The research expenditure is included in the current profit or loss when it occurs. The
             development expenditure is recognized as intangible assets when it meets the following
             conditions at the same time, and is included in the current profit or loss when it fails to
             meet the following conditions:

             (1)   It is feasible technically to finish intangible assets for use or sale;

             (2)   It is intended to finish and use or sell the intangible asset;

             (3)   The ways how the intangible assets generate economic benefits include the way where
                   it is able to prove that the products made by using the intangible assets exist a market
                   or that the intangible assets themselves have the market, and the way where the
                   serviceability of the intangible assets can be proved in case they are used internally;

             (4)   It is able to finish the development of the intangible assets and to use or sell the same
                   with the support of sufficient technologies, financial resources and other resources;
                   and

             (5)   The expenditure attributable to the intangible assets during its development phase can
                   be measured reliably.

             If the research expenditure and development expenditure are indistinguishable, all research
             and development expenditures incurred will be included in the current profit or loss.

    3.19 Impairment of long-term assets
        Where there are signs of impairment on long-term assets, such as long-term equity investments,
        investment properties measured with cost model, fixed assets, construction in progress, right-
        of-use assets and oil and gas assets with definite useful lives, on the balance sheet date,
        the impairment test should be made. Where the result of the impairment test shows that the
        recoverable amount of the asset is lower than book value, the provision for impairment should
        be made and included in impairment loss. The recoverable amount of the asset is the higher of
        the net amount of its fair valueless disposal expenses or the present value of its estimated future
        cash flows. Provision for asset impairment is made on individual asset basis. If it is difficult
        to estimate the recoverable amount of the individual asset, the Company will estimate the
        recoverable amount of the asset portfolio where the individual asset belongs. Asset portfolio is
        the smallest one that can independently generate cash inflows.




                                                                                                             73
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
     (CONTINUED)
     3.19 Impairment of long-term assets (Continued)
          For goodwill resulting from business combinations, intangible assets with uncertain useful lives,
          and intangible assets that have not yet reached serviceable condition, regardless of whether there
          are signs of impairment, at least at the end of each year, the impairment test is carried out at the
          end of each year.

          The Company conducts goodwill impairment tests and apportions the carrying amount of goodwill
          resulting from business combinations to the relevant asset groups in a reasonable manner from
          the date of purchase; If it is difficult to allocate to related asset groups, it will be allocated to
          the related asset group combination. The associated asset group or combination of asset groups
          is the asset group or combination of asset groups that can benefit from the synergies of the
          business combination.

          When conducting an impairment test on a group or combination of assets containing goodwill, if
          there are signs of impairment in the asset group or portfolio of asset groups related to goodwill,
          the impairment test is first carried out on the asset group or asset group combination that does
          not contain goodwill, the recoverable amount is calculated, and the corresponding impairment
          loss is recognized by comparing it with the relevant carrying value. Then, the impairment test is
          carried out on the asset group or asset group combination containing goodwill, and the carrying
          amount is compared with the recoverable amount, if the recoverable amount is lower than the
          book value, the amount of impairment loss is first offset against the carrying value of the goodwill
          allocated to the asset group or asset group combination, and then the carrying value of the other
          assets is proportionally offset according to the proportion of the carrying value of the assets other
          than goodwill in the asset group or asset group combination.

          The losses from impairment of the above assets cannot be reversed in subsequent accounting
          periods once recognized.

     3.20 Long-term deferred expenses
          Long-term deferred expenses refer to various expenses which have been already incurred but will
          be borne in current and future reporting periods with an amortization period of over one year.

     3.21 Contract liabilities
          According to the relationship between the performance of obligations and the customer payment,
          the Company presents contract assets or contract liabilities in the balance sheet. The Company’s
          obligations in transferring goods or rendering services to customers on the ground that it has
          received or will receive relevant considerations from these customers are presented as contract
          liabilities. Contract assets and contract liabilities under the same contract should be presented at
          net amount.




74
                                                                                         Interim Report 2026




                                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.22 Employee benefits
        3.22.1 Accounting treatment of short-term compensation
             During the accounting period when employees serve the Company, the actual short-term
             compensation is recognized as liabilities and included in current profit or loss or costs
             associated with assets.

             The cost of social insurance and housing fund paid by Company for employees and the
             labor union cost and employee education costs provided by the Company in accordance with
             provisions shall, in the accounting period, during which the service is provided by employees
             for enterprises, be used to calculate corresponding amount of employee benefits according
             to the stipulated provision basis and proportion.

             The employee welfare occurring in the Company shall be include in the current profit or loss
             or the related asset costs according to the actual amount when actually occurring. Among
             them, non-monetary benefits are measured at the fair value.

        3.22.2 Accounting treatment of post-employment benefits
            (1)   Defined contribution plan
                  The Company pays the basic endowment insurance premiums and unemployment
                  insurance for employees according to the relevant provisions of the local governments.
                  During the accounting period when employees serve the Company, the paid amount
                  which is calculated based on the payment base and proportion as stipulated in the
                  provisions of the local place is recognized as liabilities and included in current profit or
                  loss or related asset costs. In addition, the Company also participates in the enterprise
                  annuity plans/supplementary pension funds approved by the relevant state authorities.
                  The Company makes payments to the annuity plans or local social insurance
                  institutions in a certain proportion to the total employee wage, with corresponding
                  expenses included in the current profit or loss or related asset costs.

            (2)   Defined benefit plans
                  According to the formula determined based on expected cumulative unit method, the
                  Company will set the period that the welfare obligations deriving from the defined
                  benefit plan, which will be included in current profit or loss or assets-related cost.

                  A net liability or net asset in connection with the defined benefit plan is recognized at
                  the present value of the obligation under the defined benefit plan less the deficit or
                  surplus arising out of the fair value of the assets under the defined benefit plan. For a
                  surplus of defined benefit plans, the Company should measure the net asset of such
                  defined benefit plans at the lower of the surplus of such defined benefit plans and
                  asset upper limit thereof.




                                                                                                          75
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
     (CONTINUED)
     3.22 Employee benefits (Continued)
          3.22.2 Accounting treatment of post-employment benefits (Continued)
               (2)   Defined benefit plans (Continued)
                     Obligations under the defined benefit plan, including the payment obligation that is
                     expected to be done within 12 months following the annual reporting period when the
                     employees serve for the Company, are discounted at the market yield of the national
                     debt matching with the obligatory term of the defined benefit plan and the currency
                     on the balance sheet date or the bonds of the high-quality companies in the active
                     market.

                     The service costs of the defined benefit plan and net interest on the net liabilities or
                     net assets in respect of the defined benefit plan are included in the current profit or
                     loss or assets-related costs; changes in the re-measurement of net liabilities or net
                     assets under the defined benefit plans should be included in other comprehensive
                     income and should not be reversed in subsequent accounting periods. When the
                     original defined benefit plan terminates, the portion originally included in other
                     comprehensive income will all be transferred to the undistributed profits.

                     For the settlement of the defined benefit plan, the balance between the present
                     value and the settlement price in regard to the defined benefit plan confirmed on the
                     settlement date is recognized and settled as gains or losses.

          3.22.3 Accounting treatment of dismissal benefits
               Where the Company provides dismissal welfare to employees, employee benefits incurred
               from dismissal benefits are recognized as liabilities and recorded into the current profit
               and loss at the earlier date of: when the Company is unable to unilaterally withdraw the
               dismissal benefits provided in the plan on the cancellation of labor relationship or the
               layoff proposal; when the Company recognizes the cost related to restructuring concerning
               payment of dismissal benefits.




76
                                                                                       Interim Report 2026




                                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.23 Estimated liabilities
        When an obligation relating to a contingency meets all the following conditions at the same time,
        it will be recognized as an estimated liability by the Company:

        (1)   Such obligation is a present obligation of the Company;

        (2)   The performance of such obligation is likely to result in outflow of economic benefits from
              the Company;

        (3)   The amount of the obligation can be measured reliably.

        Estimated liabilities of the Company are initially measured as the best estimate of expenses
        required for the performance of relevant present obligations.

        When determining the best estimates, the Company comprehensively considers the risks,
        uncertainties, time value of money, and other factors relating to the contingencies. If the time
        value of money is significant, the best estimates shall be determined after discount of relevant
        future cash outflows.

        If there is continuous range for the necessary expenses, and probabilities of occurrence of
        all the outcomes within this range are equal, the best estimate will be determined at the
        intermediate value; in other cases, the best estimate is subject to the treatment for the following
        circumstances:

        •     If contingencies are involved with single project, the estimate will be determined based on
              the amount which is most likely to occur.

        •     If contingencies are involved with several projects, the estimate will be determined based on
              various possible results and relevant probabilities.

        If all or part of the expenses necessary for liquidating estimated liabilities are expected to be
        compensated by a third party, the compensation will be separately recognized as assets when it
        is virtually certain that the compensation will be received. The compensation recognized should
        not exceed the book value of estimated liabilities.

        The Company reviews the book value of estimated liabilities on the balance sheet date. If there is
        unambiguous evidence indicating that such book value cannot reflect the current best estimate,
        such book value will be adjusted based on the current best estimate.




                                                                                                        77
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
     (CONTINUED)
     3.24 Share-based payments
          The Company’s share-based payments are transactions in which the Company grants equity
          instruments or undertakes equity-instrument-based liabilities in return for services from
          employees or other parties. The share-based payments of the Company consist of equity-settled
          share-based payments and cash-settled share-based payments.

          3.24.1 Equity-settled share-based payment and equity instruments
               Where the Company acquires services rendered by employees via the equity-settled share-
               based payment, such payment should be calculated at the fair value of equity instruments
               granted to employees. The Company includes the share-based payment for which relevant
               right can be exercised subsequent to the grant of equity instruments in relevant costs or
               expenses on the grant date at the fair value of equity instruments and increases capital
               reserves accordingly. For the share-based payment for which relevant right can be exercised
               after the grant of equity instruments only when the services during the waiting period are
               completed or the specified performance conditions are met, on each balance sheet date
               within the waiting period, the Company, based on the best estimate of the quantity of equity
               instruments where relevant rights can be exercised, includes the services acquired during
               that period in relevant costs or expenses at the fair value on the grant date, and increases
               capital reserves accordingly.

               In case any clause on the equity-settled share-based payment has been modified, services
               acquired should be recognized as if such clause has not been modified. In addition, the
               increase in services acquired should be recognized in case of any increase to the fair
               value of equity instruments granted or any change favorable to employees on the date of
               increasing such fair value.

               During the waiting period, if any equity instrument granted is canceled, the Company will
               accelerate the right exercise relevant to the equity instrument canceled, immediately
               include the amount which should be recognized during the remaining waiting period in the
               current profit or loss, and recognize capital reserves at the same time. However, if any new
               equity instrument is granted and on the date of granting such new equity instrument, it is
               affirmed that such new equity instrument can replace the canceled one, the treatment for
               such new equity instrument will be made in the way for modifying terms and conditions of
               the original equity instrument.




78
                                                                                         Interim Report 2026




                                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.24 Share-based payments (Continued)
        3.24.2 Cash-settled share-based payment and equity instruments
             Cash-settled share-based payment is measured at the fair value of the liability which is
             assumed by the Company and calculated based on share or other equity instrument. The
             Company includes the share-based payment for which relevant right can be exercised
             subsequent to the grant of equity instruments in relevant costs or expenses on the grant
             date at the fair value of the liability it assumes, and increase liabilities accordingly. For the
             share-based payment for which relevant right can be exercised after the grant of equity
             instruments only when the services during the waiting period are completed or the specified
             performance conditions are met, on each balance sheet date within the waiting period, the
             Company, based on the best estimate on the situation of exercising relevant right, includes
             the services acquired during that period in relevant costs or expenses and in liabilities
             according, at the fair value of the liability the Company assumes. On each balance sheet
             date and settlement date prior to the settlement of relevant liabilities, the fair value of
             liability should be remeasured through the current profit or loss.

             The Company amends the terms and conditions of the cash-settled share-based payment
             agreement so that it is paid in equity-settled shares, and on the modification date (whether
             occurring during or after the end of the waiting period), the Company measures the equity-
             settled share payments at the fair value of the equity instrument on the date of grant,
             includes the services obtained in the capital reserve, and derecognizes the cash-settled
             share-based payment of the recognized liabilities on the modification date, the difference
             between which is recognized in profit or loss for the period. If the waiting period is extended
             or shortened due to the amendment, the Company will account for the revised waiting
             period.

    3.25 Revenue
        3.25.1 Accounting policies adopted for revenue recognition and measurement
             If the Company fulfills its performance obligations in a contract, it will recognize revenue
             when relevant customer obtains right of control over relevant goods or services. Obtaining
             the right of control over relevant goods or services means that the customer is able to make
             decisions on the use of the goods or the rendering of the services, and can obtain almost all
             of the economic benefits therefrom.

             If two or more performance obligations are covered in the contract, on the contract
             commencement date, the transaction price will be amortized to individual performance
             obligation based on the relative proportion of the individual selling price of goods or services
             involved in the individual performance obligation. The Company measures revenue at the
             transaction price amortized to individual performance obligation.




                                                                                                          79
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
     (CONTINUED)
     3.25 Revenue (Continued)
          3.25.1 Accounting policies adopted for revenue recognition and measurement (Continued)
               The transaction price refers to the amount of consideration the Company is expected to
               have the right to take on account of the transfer of goods or services to the customer,
               excluding the payments charged by any third party and the payments expected to be
               refunded to the customer. The Company determines the transaction price according to the
               contract terms and in light of its previous regular practice, in the meantime, factors such
               as variable consideration, significant financing composition existing in the contract, non-
               cash consideration, and consideration payable to customers will be taken into account.
               The Company determines the transaction price involving the variable consideration at the
               amount that should not exceed the amount of accumulatively recognized revenue that is
               highly unlikely to have a major reversal when relevant uncertainty is eliminated. If the
               significant financing component in covered in the contract, the Company will determine the
               transaction price based on the amount of cash payable at once by the customer when the
               customer acquires the right of control over goods or services, as assumed, and amortize the
               difference between such transaction price and the contract price by the effective interest
               method during the contract period.

               The obligation performance belongs to certain period in case one of the following conditions
               is met; otherwise, it belongs to certain time-point:

               •     The customer obtains and consumes the economic benefits brought by the
                     performance of the Company while the Company is performing the obligation.

               •     Customers are able to control the goods under construction by the Company in the
                     course of performing obligations.

               •     The Goods produced in the course of performing obligations have irreplaceable uses,
                     and the Company has the right to receive payments for the portion of the performance
                     that has been completed to date.

               For a performance obligation to be performed within a certain period, the Company
               recognizes the revenue according to the performance progress during such period, except
               for the case that the performance progress cannot be reasonably determined. The Company
               may determine the performance progress by the output method or input method based
               on the nature of goods or service. When the performance progress cannot be reasonably
               determined, if the cost incurred is expected to be compensated, the revenue will be
               recognized by the Company at the amount of the cost incurred until the performance
               progress can be reasonably determined.




80
                                                                                     Interim Report 2026




                                                                NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                               For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                               (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.25 Revenue (Continued)
        3.25.1 Accounting policies adopted for revenue recognition and measurement (Continued)
             The revenue from obligation performance belonging to certain time-point is recognized by
             the Company when the customer has acquired the right of control over relevant goods or
             services. The Company will consider the following signs when judging whether the customer
             has acquired the right of control over relevant goods or services:

             •    The customer has the current payment obligation for such goods or service, i.e. the
                  Company enjoys the current right to collect the payment for such goods or service.

             •    The Company has transferred the legal ownership of such goods to the customer, i.e.
                  the customer possesses the legal ownership of such goods.

             •    The Company has transferred goods to the customer in kind, i.e. the customer has
                  possessed such goods in kind.

             •    The substantial risks and rewards of the ownership of such goods have been
                  transferred by the Company to the customer, i.e. the customer has acquired the
                  substantial risks and rewards of the ownership of such goods.

             •    The customer has accepted such goods or services.

             The Company determines whether its status is that of a principally liable person or an agent
             at the time of engaging in a transaction based on whether it has control over the goods or
             services prior to transferring them to the customer. If the Company is able to control the
             goods or services prior to transferring them to the customer, the Company is the principal
             and recognizes revenue based on the total consideration received or receivable; otherwise,
             the Company is the agent and recognizes revenue based on the amount of commissions or
             fees it expects to be entitled to receive.




                                                                                                      81
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
     (CONTINUED)
     3.25 Revenue (Continued)
          3.25.2 Disclosure of specific revenue recognition and measurement methods by type of business
               Business revenues of the Company mainly come from information technology services for
               civil aviation, settlement and clearing service, data network service, system integration
               service and technology service. In which, revenues from rendering information technology
               service for civil aviation, settlement and clearing service, data network services and
               technology service are recognized monthly in the course of rendering these services; the
               revenue from system integration service is recognized upon the acceptance inspection by
               the customer as the project work time is generally short. In the system integration project,
               if the commitment that the installation service will be rendered after the equipment delivery
               is given to the customer, and the installation service does not have significant impact on
               the equipment, the revenue recognition will be made by stages based on two obligation
               performance, i.e., sales of equipment and rendering of installation service. The revenue
               recognition for sales of equipment is made after the equipment delivery and acceptance
               inspection, and that for installation service is made after the customer fully completes the
               acceptance inspection.

     3.26 Contract costs
          Contract costs include the contract performance cost and the contract acquisition cost.

          The Company’s cost on contract performance does not belong to scope of standards for
          inventories, fixed assets or intangible assets, and is recognized as an asset when it meets the
          following conditions:

          •    Such cost is directly relevant to the contract which has been or is expected to be acquired.

          •    Such cost increases the resource which will be used by the Company for obligation
               performance.

          •    Such cost is expected to be recoverable.

          If the incremental cost incurred in the Company on account of contract acquisition is expected to
          be recoverable, it, as the contract acquisition cost, will be recognized as an asset.

          Assets related to contract cost are amortized on the basis for the recognition of revenue from
          goods or services relevant to such assets; however, if the amortization period of contract
          acquisition cost is less than one year, the Company will include such cost in the current profit or
          loss when it occurs.




82
                                                                                      Interim Report 2026




                                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.26 Contract costs (Continued)
        If the book value of the assets related to contract cost is higher than the difference between the
        following two items, the Company will make the provision for impairment of the exceeding part,
        and recognize it as the loss from impairment of assets.

        1.   The remaining consideration expected to be obtained on account of the transfer of goods or
             services related to the assets;

        2.   The cost that is expected to be incurred for the purpose of transferring relevant goods or
             services.

        If the factors causing the impairment in the previous period change, resulting that the above-
        mentioned difference is higher than the book value of such assets, the Company will reverse the
        provision for impairment which has been made originally, and include it in the current profit or
        loss. However, the book value of assets reversed should not exceed the book value of such assets
        on the reversal date as if no provision for impairment has been made.

    3.27 Government grants
        3.27.1 Type
             Government grants are monetary assets and non-monetary assets freely obtained by
             the Company from the government. Government grants are classified into asset-related
             government grants and income-related government grants.

             Asset-related government grants refer to government grants obtained by the Company for
             forming long-term assets by acquisition, construction or other manners. Income-related
             government grants refer to government grants excluding the asset-related government
             grants.

        3.27.2 Timing of recognition
             Government grants are recognized when the Company can meet all conditions attached
             thereto and is able to obtain such grants.




                                                                                                       83
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
     (CONTINUED)
     3.27 Government grants (Continued)
          3.27.3 Accounting treatment
               Asset-related government grants are used to offset the book value of relevant assets or
               recognized as deferred income. If such grants are recognized as the deferred income,
               they will be included in the current profit or loss by reasonable and systematic methods
               within useful lives of related assets (if such grants are relevant to routine activities of the
               Company, they will be included in other income; if such grants are irrelevant to routine
               activities of the Company, they will be included in non-operating revenue);

               Income-related government grants to be used as compensation for future expenses or
               losses are recognized as deferred income and are recorded in current profit or loss where
               the relevant expenses or losses are recognized (if they are related to daily activities of
               the Company, they will be included into other income; otherwise, they will be included
               in non-operating income) or set off the related expenses or losses; those to be used as
               compensation for incurred expenses or losses are recorded in current profit or loss (if
               they are related to daily activities of the Company, they will be included into other income;
               otherwise, they will be included in non-operating income) or will set off the related expenses
               or losses.

               The interest subsidies of policy-based preferential loans obtained by the Company are
               subject to the following accounting treatments according to two situations:

               (1)   When the finance department appropriates the interest subsidies to the lending bank,
                     and the lending bank provides the loan at the policy-based preferential interest rate to
                     the Company, the Company will take the book-entry value at the loan amount actually
                     received, and relevant loan expenses are calculated based on the principal of the loan
                     and the policy-based preferential interest rate.

               (2)   Where the finance department directly appropriates the interest subsidies to the
                     Company, the Company will use the corresponding interest subsidies to offset related
                     borrowing costs.




84
                                                                                      Interim Report 2026




                                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.28 Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities
        Income tax includes the current income tax and deferred income tax. Except for the income tax
        in the transactions or matters of business combination and directly including relevant items in
        the owners’ equity (including other comprehensive income), the Company includes the current
        income tax and deferred income tax in the current profit or loss.

        The deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities are calculated and recognized
        based on the differences (temporary differences) between the tax bases of assets and liabilities
        and the book values of the same.

        Deferred income tax assets are recognized at deductible temporary differences to the extent
        that it shall not exceed the taxable income probably obtained in future period and used to deduct
        the deductible temporary differences. For deductible losses and tax credits that can be carried
        forward to subsequent periods, deferred income tax assets arising therefrom are recognized to
        the extent of the taxable income probably obtained in future period that can be used for deducting
        the deductible losses and tax credits.

        Taxable temporary differences are recognized as deferred income tax liabilities except in special
        circumstances.

        Special situations where the deferred income tax assets or deferred income tax liabilities are not
        recognized include:

        •    Initial recognition of goodwill;

        •    Transactions or matters that neither belong to the business combination nor affect the
             accounting profit and taxable income (or deductible loss) when they occur, and that do
             not give rise to equal amounts of taxable temporary differences and deductible temporary
             differences upon initial recognition of the assets and liabilities.

        For the taxable temporary differences related to the investments in subsidiaries, associates and
        joint ventures, the deferred tax liabilities should be recognized, unless that the timing of the
        reversal of the temporary differences is able to be controlled by the Company and the temporary
        differences will be probable not to be reversed in the foreseeable future. For deductible
        temporary differences arising from investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures,
        when the temporary difference will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be
        available against which the deductible temporary differences can be used, the deferred tax asset
        will be recognized.

        On the balance sheet date, the deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities
        are measured at the tax rates applicable to the period where relevant assets are expected to be
        recovered or relevant liabilities are expected to be discharged, according to the tax law.



                                                                                                       85
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
     (CONTINUED)
     3.28 Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities (Continued)
          On the balance sheet date, the Company reviews the book value of deferred income tax assets.
          If it is unlikely to obtain sufficient taxable income in the future to offset against the benefit of
          deferred income tax assets, the book value of deferred income tax assets will be written down. If
          it is likely to obtain sufficient taxable income, the book value of deferred tax assets written down
          will be recovered.

          If the Company has the legal right to settle in net amounts and intends to settle in net amount or
          to obtain assets and discharge liabilities simultaneously, the current tax assets and current tax
          liabilities of the Company shall be presented based on the net amount after offset.

          On the balance sheet date, deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities
          simultaneously meeting the following conditions are presented by net amount after offset:

          •    The taxpayer has the legal right to settle the current income tax assets and current income
               tax liabilities by net amount;

          •    Deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities are related to the income
               tax which are imposed on the same taxpayer by the same tax collection authority or to
               different taxpayers, but, in each important future period in connection with the reversal of
               deferred income tax assets and liabilities, the involved taxpayers intend to settle the current
               income tax assets and current income tax liabilities with net amount or to obtain assets and
               discharge liabilities simultaneously.

     3.29 Lease
          Lease refers to a contract in which a lessor assigns the right to use an asset to a lessee within a
          certain period of time in order to obtain consideration. On the contract commencement date, the
          Company evaluates whether the contract is a lease or includes a lease. If a party to a contract
          transfers the right to control the use of one or more identified assets within a certain period in
          exchange for consideration, the contract shall be a lease or include a lease.

          If the contract contains multiple individual leases, the Company will split the contract and
          make accounting treatment over each individual lease. If the contract contains both leased and
          non-leased parts, the lessee and lessor will split the leased and non-leased parts.




86
                                                                                       Interim Report 2026




                                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.29 Lease (Continued)
        3.29.1 The Company as lessee
             3.29.1.1 Right-of-use assets
                   At the commencement date, the Company recognize the right-of-use asset for leases
                   other than short-term leases and low-value asset leases. Right-of-use assets are
                   initially measured at cost. This cost includes:

                   •     the initial measurement amount of lease liabilities;

                   •     in case of any lease incentives, relevant amount of the lease incentives enjoyed
                         shall be deducted from the lease payment paid on or before the commencement
                         date of the lease term;

                   •     the initial direct costs incurred of the Company;

                   •     the costs incurred of the Company for demolishing and removing leased assets,
                         restoring the site where the leased assets are located, or restoring the leased
                         assets to the state agreed in the lease terms, but excluding the cost incurred for
                         inventory production.

                   The Company subsequently adopts the straight-line-method to make the provision for
                   the depreciation of the right-of-use assets. If it can be reasonably determined that the
                   ownership of the leased asset will be obtained at the expiration of the lease term, the
                   Company shall accrue depreciation within the remaining useful life of the leased asset;
                   otherwise, the leased assets should be depreciated over the shorter of the lease term
                   or the remaining useful life of the leased assets.

                   The Company determines whether the right-of-use assets have been impaired or not
                   according to the principle described in “3.19 Impairment of long-term assets” in this
                   note, and make the accounting treatment for the identified impairment losses.




                                                                                                        87
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
     (CONTINUED)
     3.29 Lease (Continued)
          3.29.1 The Company as lessee (Continued)
               3.29.1.2 Lease liabilities
                     As at the beginning of the lease period, the Company recognizes the leases other than
                     short-term leases and leases of low-value assets as lease liabilities. Lease liabilities
                     are initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that have not been
                     paid. Lease payments include:

                     •      for fixed payments (including substantial fixed payments), if there is any lease
                            incentive, the relevant amount of the lease incentive shall be deducted;

                     •      variable lease payments depending on the index or ratio;

                     •      the payments expected to be payable based on the residual value of the
                            guarantee provided by the Company;

                     •      exercise price of purchase option, provided that the Company reasonably
                            determines that it will exercise the option;

                     •      the amount to be paid to exercise the lease termination option, provided that it is
                            reflected that the Company will exercise the lease termination option during the
                            lease period.

                     The Company adopts the implicit rate of lease as the discount rate, but if the implicit
                     rate of lease cannot be reasonably determined, the incremental borrowing rate will be
                     adopted as the discount rate.

                     The Company calculates the interest expenses of lease liabilities in each lease term
                     based on a fixed periodic interest rate, and includes such expenses into the current
                     profit or loss or the cost of related assets.

                     The variable lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities
                     shall be included in the current profit or loss or the costs of related assets when they
                     actually occur.




88
                                                                                          Interim Report 2026




                                                                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                      For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                      (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.29 Lease (Continued)
        3.29.1 The Company as lessee (Continued)
             3.29.1.2 Lease liabilities (Continued)
                   After the commencement date of the lease term, under any of the following
                   circumstances, the Company will re-measure the lease liabilities and adjust the
                   corresponding right-of-use assets; if the book value of the right-of-use assets has
                   been reduced to zero and further reduction of lease liabilities is still required, the
                   difference will be included in the current profit or loss:

                   •     In case of any change in the evaluation results of the purchase option, lease
                         renewal option or termination option, or any inconsistency between the actual
                         exercise of the aforesaid options and the original evaluation results, the Company
                         will re-measure lease liabilities according to the present value calculated by the
                         changed lease payments and the revised discount rate;

                   •     In case of any change in the substantial fixed payments, the estimated payable
                         amount based on the residual value of the guarantee, or in the index or ratio
                         used to determine lease payments, the Company will re-measure lease liabilities
                         according to the present value calculated by the changed lease payments and the
                         original discount rate. However, if the change of lease payment is caused by the
                         change of floating interest rate, the revised discount rate is used to calculate the
                         present value.

             3.29.1.3 Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
                   The Company chooses not to recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for
                   short-term leases and leases of low-value assets, and the relevant lease payments
                   are included in the current profit or loss or the cost of related assets by straight-line
                   method over each period within the lease term. Short-term leases refer to leases
                   that do not exceed 12 months on the commencement date of the lease period and do
                   not include any purchase option. Low-value asset lease refers to the lease of a single
                   lease asset with lower value when it is brand new. The Company regards the lease
                   of a single leased asset with a value of no more than RMB35,000.00 when it is brand
                   new as a new asset as a low-value asset lease. For the lease asset subleased by the
                   Company subleases or expected to be subleased, the original lease is not a lease of
                   low-value assets.




                                                                                                          89
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
     (CONTINUED)
     3.29 Lease (Continued)
          3.29.1 The Company as lessee (Continued)
               3.29.1.4 Lease changes
                     If the lease changes and the following conditions are met at the same time, the
                     Company will carry out accounting treatment over the lease change as a separate
                     lease:

                     •    where the lease change expands the scope of the lease by adding the right to use
                          one or more leased assets;

                     •    where the increase of the consideration is equivalent to the adjusted individual
                          price of the expanded part of the lease scope according to the contract.

                     Where the lease change is not accounted for as a separate lease, on the effective date
                     of the lease change, the Company will re-distribute the consideration of the contract
                     after the change, re-determine the lease period, and re-measure lease liabilities
                     according to the present value calculated by the changed lease payments and the
                     revised discount rate.

                     If the lease change causes the lease scope to be reduced or the lease term to be
                     shortened, the Company shall correspondingly reduce the book value of the right-to-
                     use assets, and include the related gains or losses of partial or complete termination
                     of the lease in the current profit or loss. Where other lease changes lead to re-
                     measurement of lease liabilities, the Company will adjust the book value of the right-
                     of-use assets accordingly.

          3.29.2 The Company as lessor
               Leases of the Company are classified as finance lease and operating lease on the lease
               commence date. Lease under which almost all the risks and rewards relevant to the
               ownership of leased assets are materially transferred is recognized as finance lease,
               regardless of whether the ownership is ultimately transferred. Operating lease refers to the
               leases other than finance lease. When the Company is a sub-lessor, it classifies the sub-
               leases based on the right-of-use assets generated by the original lease.




90
                                                                                       Interim Report 2026




                                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.29 Lease (Continued)
        3.29.2 The Company as lessor (Continued)
             3.29.2.1 Accounting treatment of operating leases
                  Rental from the operating lease in each stage during the rental period should be
                  recognized as the lease income by the straight-line method. Initial direct costs relating
                  to operating lease incurred by the Company are capitalized, and shall be included in
                  the current profit or loss on the same basis as the recognition of lease income during
                  the lease term. The variable lease payable that is not included in the lease receivable
                  shall be included in the current profit or loss at the time of actual occurrence. In case
                  of any change in the operating lease, the Company will make the accounting treatment
                  for it as a new lease from the effective date of the change, and the amount received
                  in advance or lease receivables before the change will be regarded as the receivables
                  from the new lease.

             3.29.2.2 Accounting treatment of finance lease
                  On the lease commencement date, the Company recognizes finance lease receivables
                  for financing leases and derecognizes finance lease assets. When the Company
                  conducts the initial measurement of finance lease receivables, the net lease
                  investment is adopted as the entry value of the finance lease receivables. The net
                  lease investment is the sum of the unguaranteed residual value and the present value
                  of the lease payments that have not been received at the beginning of the lease term
                  and discounted at the interest rate included in the lease.

                  The Company calculates and recognizes the interest expenses in each lease term
                  based on a fixed periodic interest rate. The derecognition and impairment of
                  finance lease receivables shall be accounted for in accordance with “3.9 Financial
                  instruments”herein.

                  The variable lease payable that is not included in the net lease investment for
                  measurement shall be included in the current profit or loss at the time of actual
                  occurrence.

                  If the finance lease changes and the following conditions are met at the same time, the
                  Company will carry out accounting treatments over the change as a separate lease:

                  •     where the change expands the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one
                        or more leased assets;

                  •     where the increase of the consideration is equivalent to the adjusted individual
                        price of the expanded part of the lease scope according to the contract.




                                                                                                       91
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
     (CONTINUED)
     3.29 Lease (Continued)
          3.29.2 The Company as lessor (Continued)
               3.29.2.2 Accounting treatment of finance lease (Continued)
                     Where the change of finance lease is not accounted for as a separate lease, the
                     Company will treat the changed lease according to the following circumstances:

                     •    If the change comes into effect on the lease commencement date, the lease will
                          be classified as an operating lease. The Company will start making accounting
                          treatment for it as a new lease from the effective date of the lease change, and
                          regard the net lease investment before the effective date of the lease change as
                          the book value of the leased assets;

                     •    If the change comes into effect on the lease commencement date, the lease
                          will be classified as a finance lease, and the Company will conduct accounting
                          treatment according to the policy on modifying or renegotiating the contract
                          in“3.9 Financial instruments” of this note.

          3.29.3 Sale-and-leaseback deals
               The Company evaluates and determines whether the transfer of assets in the sale-and-
               leaseback transaction is a sale in accordance with the principles described in “3.25
               Revenue” herein.

               (1)   As the lessee
                     If the asset transfer in the sale-leaseback transaction belongs to sales, the Company
                     as the lessee measures the right-of-use asset formed by the sale-leaseback according
                     to the part related to the use-right obtained from the leaseback in the original book
                     value of assets, and only recognizes the relevant gains and losses only for the rights
                     transferred to the lessor.

                     After the commencement date of the lease term, for subsequent measurement of
                     the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities and lease modifications, please refer to
                     “3.29.1 The Company as lessee” in this note. In the subsequent measurement of lease
                     liabilities arising from the sale-leaseback, the Company’s method of determining lease
                     payments or modified lease payments does not result in the recognition of gains or
                     losses related to the right of use retained in the leaseback.

                     If the asset transfer in the sale-and-leaseback transaction does not belong to the
                     sale, the Company, as the lessee, continues to confirm the transferred assets and
                     recognizes a financial liability equivalent to the transfer income. Please refer to “Note
                     3.29.1 The Company as lessee” for the accounting treatment for financial liabilities.




92
                                                                                         Interim Report 2026




                                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.29Lease (Continued)
        3.29.3 Sale-and-leaseback deals (Continued)
             (2)   As the lessor
                   If the asset transfer in the sale-leaseback transaction belongs to sales, the Company,
                   as the lessor, will make accounting treatment for the purchased assets, and for the
                   asset lease according to the aforesaid policy in “2. The Company as the lessor”; If
                   the asset transfer in the sale-and-leaseback transaction does not belong to the sale,
                   the Company, as the lessor, will not confirm the transferred assets but recognizes a
                   financial asset equivalent to the transfer income. Please refer to “Note 3.9 Financial
                   instruments” for the accounting treatment for financial assets.

    3.30 Debt restructuring
        3.30.1 The company as a creditor
             The Company terminates the recognition of claims when the contractual right to collect
             cash flows from the claims terminates. If debt is restructured by settling debts with assets
             or converting debts into equity instruments, the company will recognize the relevant assets
             when they meet their definition and recognition conditions.

             If debt restructuring is carried out by repaying debts with assets, the transferred non-
             financial assets shall be measured at cost when the company initially recognizes them. The
             cost of inventory includes the fair value of the relinquished claims and other costs directly
             attributable to the asset such as taxes, transportation fees, loading and unloading fees,
             insurance premiums and other costs incurred to bring the asset to its current location
             and condition. The cost of an investment in an associate or joint venture includes the fair
             value of the relinquished claims and other costs such as taxes directly attributable to the
             asset. The cost of investment real estate includes the fair value of the relinquished claims
             and other costs such as taxes that are directly attributable to the asset. The cost of a fixed
             asset includes the fair value of the relinquished claim and other costs directly attributable
             to the asset such as taxes, transportation fees, loading and unloading fees, installation fees,
             professional service fees and other costs incurred before the asset reaches its intended
             usable condition. The cost of biological assets includes the fair value of the relinquished
             claims and other costs such as taxes, transportation fees, and insurance premiums that are
             directly attributable to the assets. The cost of intangible assets includes the fair value of the
             relinquished claims and other costs that are directly attributable to taxes and other costs
             incurred in bringing the asset to its intended use. If the debt restructuring by converting
             debt into equity instruments results in the creditor converting its claim into an equity
             investment in an associate or joint venture, the company shall measure it based on the fair
             value of the relinquished claim and taxes and other costs directly attributable to the asset.
             its initial investment cost. The difference between the fair value and the book value of the
             relinquished claims is included in the current profit and loss.

             If debt restructuring is carried out by modifying other terms, the company shall confirm and
             measure the restructured claims in accordance with “Note 3.9 Financial Instruments”.

                                                                                                          93
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
     (CONTINUED)
     3.30 Debt restructuring (Continued)
          3.30.1 The company as a creditor (Continued)
               If multiple assets are used to repay debts or a combination is used to restructure debt, the
               company will first confirm and measure the transferred financial assets and restructured
               claims in accordance with “Note 3.9 Financial Instruments”, and then use The fair value
               ratio of each asset is divided into the net amount after deducting the confirmed amount of
               transferred financial assets and restructured claims from the fair value of the relinquished
               claims, and based on this, the cost of each asset is determined according to the
               aforementioned method. The difference between the fair value of the relinquished claim and
               its book value shall be included in the current profit and loss.

          3.30.2 The company as the debtor
               The Company derecognises a debt when its current obligations are discharged.

               If debt reorganization is carried out by repaying debts with assets, the company will
               terminate the recognition when the relevant assets and the debts paid off meet the
               conditions for derecognition, and the difference between the book value of the debts paid off
               and the book value of the transferred assets shall be included in the current profit and loss.

               If the debt is converted into equity instruments for debt restructuring, the company will
               derecognize the debt when the repaid debt meets the conditions for derecognition. When
               the company initially recognizes an equity instrument, it is measured based on the fair
               value of the equity instrument. If the fair value of the equity instrument cannot be reliably
               measured, it is measured based on the fair value of the debt repaid. The difference between
               the book value of the debt repaid and the recognized amount of the equity instrument shall
               be included in the current profit and loss.

               If debt restructuring is carried out by modifying other terms, the company shall recognize
               and measure the restructured debt in accordance with “Note 3.9 Financial Instruments”.

               If multiple assets are used to repay debts or a combination is used to reorganize debts,
               the company shall confirm and measure equity instruments and restructured debts in
               accordance with the aforementioned methods. The difference between the book value of
               the debt repaid and the sum of the book value of the transferred assets and the recognized
               amounts of the equity instruments and restructured debts shall be included in the current
               profit or loss.




94
                                                                                      Interim Report 2026




                                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                               For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                               (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.31 Segment reporting
        The Company determines its operating segments based on its internal organizational structure,
        management requirements, and internal reporting system, and determines its reportable
        segments and discloses segment information on the basis of operating segments.

        An operating segment is a component of the Company that simultaneously meets the following
        conditions: (1) the component is capable of generating revenues and incurring expenses in its
        day-to-day activities; (2) the management of the Company is able to evaluate the operating
        results of the component on a regular basis in order to decide on the allocation of resources
        to the component and to evaluate its performance; and (3) the Company is able to obtain the
        component’s accounting information relating to the component’s financial position, results
        of operations and cash flows. Two or more operating segments may be consolidated into one
        operating segment if they have similar economic characteristics and meet certain conditions.

    3.32 Key accounting policies and accounting estimates
        3.32.1 Estimated useful life and residual value of property, plant and equipment
             The Group uses the straight-line method to depreciate property, plant and equipment
             according to their estimated useful life, and adopts a sufficient depreciation rate to offset
             the amount of their cost minus the accumulated impairment loss and the revaluation
             amount after the estimated remaining value. The Group reviews the useful lives of fixed
             assets on a regular basis to ensure that the depreciation method and depreciation rate are
             in line with the economic benefits of the relevant fixed assets.

             The Group’s estimation of the useful life of fixed assets is detailed in the “Note 3.15 Fixed
             Assets”, which is based on the historical experience of the Group in using similar assets and
             takes into account expected technological changes. If there is a significant change in the
             previous estimate, the future depreciation expense will be adjusted.

        3.32.2 Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets
             Determining whether goodwill and intangible assets are impaired requires an estimation
             of the value in use of the cash-generating unit to which goodwill has been allocated. When
             calculating the value in use, management is required to estimate the expected future cash
             flows from the cash-generating unit and an appropriate discount rate to calculate the
             present value.




                                                                                                       95
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


3    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
     (CONTINUED)
     3.32 Key accounting policies and accounting estimates (Continued)
          3.32.3 Income tax and deferred tax
               The Group pays income tax in Mainland China and other jurisdictions. When determining
               income tax, significant judgments are required. In the ordinary course of business, the
               final tax determination involved in some transactions and calculations is uncertain. The
               Group recognizes liabilities for anticipated tax audit items based on estimates of whether
               additional taxes will be required. The final tax consequences of such events are different
               from the amounts originally recorded, and these differences will affect the income tax and
               deferred tax provisions during the period in which these determinations are made.

     3.33 Changes in significant accounting policies and accounting estimates and
          correction of errors
          3.33.1 Changes in significant accounting policies
               None.

          3.33.2 Changes in significant accounting estimates
               None.


4    TAXATION
     4.1 Major tax types and tax rates

           Tax type                  Basis of tax assessment                              Tax rate %
           Value added tax           Tax payable is calculated by VAT output,             See Table 1
             (“VAT”)                   which is based on the taxable sales amount           as below
                                       generated from sales of goods or rendering
                                       of service according to tax laws, less
                                       deductible VAT input of the current period
           Urban maintenance         Levied based on the actual VAT and consumption tax   5.00, 7.00
             and construction tax
           Corporate income tax      Levied based on taxable income                       See Table
                                                                                            2 as below




96
                                                                                    Interim Report 2026




                                                                NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                               For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                               (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


4   TAXATION (CONTINUED)
    4.1 Major tax types and tax rates (Continued)
        4.1.1 During the reporting period, VAT rates adopted by the Company and its subsidiaries are


              Company                                                                      Tax rate %
              TravelSky Technology Limited                                            13.00, 9.00, 6.00
              Chongqing Civil Aviation Cares Information
                 Technology Co., Ltd.                                                      13.00, 6.00
              Hunan TravelSky Technology Limited                                           13.00, 6.00
              Xi’an Civil Aviation Cares Technology Co., Ltd.                         13.00, 6.00, 3.00
              Hubei Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.                                         13.00, 6.00
              Civil Aviation Cares Technology of Xinjiang Co., Ltd.                   13.00, 6.00, 3.00
              Shenzhen Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.                                      13.00, 6.00
              Shanghai TravelSky Technology Limited                                                6.00
              Xiamen Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.                                        13.00, 6.00
              Qingdao Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.                                  13.00, 9.00, 6.00
              Hainan Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.                                        13.00, 6.00
              Guangzhou TravelSky Technology Ltd.                                     13.00, 6.00, 5.00
              China Aviation Accounting Co., Ltd.                                                  6.00
              Beijing Yake Technology Development Co., Ltd.                                        6.00
              Antu Jinxin Commercial Factoring Co., Ltd.                                           6.00
              Infosky Information Technology Co., Ltd.                                     13.00, 6.00
              TravelSky Cares (Beijing) Real Estate Co., Ltd.                              13.00, 6.00
              Beijing TravelSky Travel Agency Co., Ltd.                                            6.00
              TravelSky Southeast Data Center Co., Ltd.                                    13.00, 6.00
              Inner Mongolia TravelSky Technology Limited                                  13.00, 6.00
              Zhejiang TravelSky Technology Limited                                        13.00, 6.00
              Henan TravelSky Technology Limited                                           13.00, 6.00
              Beijing TravelSky Technology Limited                                         13.00, 6.00
              Guangzhou Skyecho Information Technology Co., Ltd.                           13.00, 6.00
              Beijing Hangju Credit Management Co., Ltd.                                           6.00
              TravelSky Technology International Limited                               Not Applicable
              TravelSky Technology Singapore Pte. Ltd.                                 Not Applicable
              OpenJaw Technologies Limited                                                       23.00




                                                                                                     97
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


4    TAXATION (CONTINUED)
     4.1 Major tax types and tax rates (Continued)
          4.1.2 During the reporting period, enterprise income tax rates adopted by the Company and its
                subsidiaries are


                 Taxpayer                                                           Income tax rate %
                 TravelSky Technology Limited (Remark 1)                                        15.00
                 Chongqing Civil Aviation Cares Information
                    Technology Co., Ltd. (Remark 2)                                             15.00
                 Xi’an Civil Aviation Cares Technology Co., Ltd. (Remark 2)                     15.00
                 Hubei Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd. (Remark 1)                                15.00
                 Civil Aviation Cares Technology of Xinjiang Co., Ltd.                          25.00
                 Shenzhen Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd. (Remark 1)                             15.00
                 Shanghai TravelSky Technology Limited (Remark 3)                               20.00
                 Xiamen Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd. (Remark 1)                               15.00
                 Qingdao Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd. (Remark 1)                              15.00
                 Hainan Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd. (Remark 1)                               15.00
                 Guangzhou TravelSky Technology Limited (Remark 1)                              15.00
                 China Aviation Accounting Co., Ltd. (Remark 1)                                 15.00
                 Beijing Yake Technology Development Co., Ltd.                                  25.00
                 Antu Jinxin Commercial Factoring Co., Ltd.                                     25.00
                 Infosky Information Technology Co., Ltd. (Remark 1)                            15.00
                 TravelSky Cares (Beijing) Real Estate Co., Ltd. (Remark 3)                     20.00
                 Henan TravelSky Technology Limited                                             25.00
                 Hunan TravelSky Technology Limited                                             25.00
                 Beijing TravelSky Technology Limited                                           25.00
                 Beijing TravelSky Travel Agency Co., Ltd.                                      25.00
                 TravelSky Cloud Intelligence Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.
                    (Remark 1)                                                                  15.00
                 Zhejiang TravelSky Technology Limited                                          25.00
                 Guangzhou Skyecho Information Technology
                    Co., Ltd. (Remark 3)                                                        20.00
                 TravelSky Digital Intelligence Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.
                    (Remark 3)                                                                   15.00
                 Inner Mongolia TravelSky Technology Limited                                     25.00
                 TravelSky Technology International Limited                                8.25, 16.50
                 TravelSky Technology (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.                                      17.00
                 OpenJaw Technologies Limited                                                    12.50




98
                                                                                                      Interim Report 2026




                                                                            NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                      For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                      (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


4   TAXATION (CONTINUED)
    4.1 Major tax types and tax rates (Continued)
        4.1.2 During the reporting period, enterprise income tax rates adopted by the Company and its
              subsidiaries are (Continued)
             Remark 1:   TravelSky Technology Limited, Hubei Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd., Shenzhen Civil Aviation Cares
                         Co., Ltd., Xiamen Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd., Qingdao Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd., Hainan Civil
                         Aviation Cares Co., Ltd., Guangzhou TravelSky Technology Limited, China Aviation Accounting
                         Co., Ltd., Beijing Yake Technology Development Co., Ltd., Infosky Information Technology Co.,
                         Ltd. have been assessed as high-tech enterprises, enjoying the preferential income tax rate of
                         15%.


             Remark 2:   The principal businesses of Chongqing CAAC Kaiya Information Technology Co., Ltd. and Xi’an
                         CAAC Kaiya Technology Co., Ltd. fall under Item 1 of Category 26 (Encouraged Industries)
                         in the Catalogue for the Guidance of Industrial Structure Adjustment (2024 Edition), namely
                         “Development and Construction of Aviation Computer Management and Its Network Systems”.
                         Accordingly, the companies are eligible for the 15% preferential corporate income tax policy for
                         the Western Development Strategy.


             Remark 3:   In accordance with the provisions of the Announcement on Tax and Fee Policies to Further
                         Support the Development of Small and Micro Enterprises and Individual Industrial and
                         Commercial Households (Announcement No. 12 of 2023 issued by the Ministry of Finance and the
                         State Taxation Administration), the policy for small low-profit enterprises of calculating taxable
                         income at a reduced rate of 25% and paying corporate income tax at a tax rate of 20% shall be
                         extended to December 31, 2027. In the current period, Shanghai CAAC Information Technology
                         Co., Ltd., TravelSky Kaiya (Beijing) Real Estate Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Hanglv Sky Information
                         Technology Co., Ltd., Inner Mongolia CAAC Information Technology Co., Ltd. and TravelSky
                         Digital Intelligence Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd. meet the three conditions simultaneously,
                         namely taxable income not exceeding 3 million yuan, number of employees not exceeding 300
                         people, and total assets not exceeding 50 million yuan, and are applicable to calculate taxable
                         income at a reduced rate of 25% and pay corporate income tax at a tax rate of 20%.


    4.2 Tax incentives
        4.2.1 High and New Technology Enterprise
             Under the Corporate Income Tax Law of the People’s Republic of China (“CIT Law”), in
             general, the applicable income tax rate of enterprises in the PRC is 25%. Pursuant to
             relevant requirements, enterprises recognized as “High and New Technology Enterprises”
             are entitled to a preferential corporate income tax rate of 15% according to the CIT Law. The
             Company was approved and certified by relevant authorities as a “High and New Technology
             Enterprise” since its establishment and was reviewed to renew the identification of “High
             and New Technology Enterprise” in accordance with relevant regulatory requirements. The
             most recent re-certification shall be completed in 2026, and the Company has commenced
             relevant work for the re-application of its status as a “High and New Technology Enterprise”.
             In accordance with relevant regulatory requirements, the Company has provided for
             corporate income tax expenses for the first half of 2026 at a preferential tax rate of 15%.




                                                                                                                           99
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


4     TAXATION (CONTINUED)
      4.2 Tax incentives (Continued)
          4.2.2 Key software enterprises
               Except that enterprises that have been assessed as “High and New Technology Enterprises”
               may enjoy the preferential income tax rate of 15%, enterprises assessed as “Key Software
               Enterprises”within the national planning layout by relevant authorities under the government
               of China may further enjoy the preferential tax rate of 10%. According to the relevant
               provisions, the difference between the tax paid at the tax rate of 15% and that paid at tax
               rate of 10% will be refunded to relevant enterprises subsequently, and such tax refund will
               be reflected in the Statement of Profit and Losses for the period when it occurs.

               The difference between the tax paid in 2025 at a rate of 15% and the tax paid at a reduced
               rate of 10% has been reflected in the Company’s January to June 2026 financial statements.


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      5.1 Cash and cash equivalents

                                                                               As at               As at
                                                                            June 30,        December 31,
           Item                                                                2026                2025
           Cash on hand                                                     1,185.56             1,132.61
           Digital currency                                             1,402,446.23         3,072,386.73
           Cash at bank                                             8,834,487,011.50     9,976,798,045.45
           Other cash and cash equivalents                             24,144,476.06        79,145,929.94


           Total                                                    8,860,035,119.35    10,059,017,494.73


           Including: The total amount deposited abroad               303,154,686.87       305,071,639.92
                      Money deposited abroad and with
                        restrictions on fund repatriation




100
                                                                                                     Interim Report 2026




                                                                            NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                       (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.2 Financial assets held for trading

                                                                                           As at                 As at
                                                                                        June 30,          December 31,
         Item                                                                              2026                  2025
         Financial assets measured at fair value
           through the current profit or loss                                6,019,540,958.90          3,414,508,219.18
         Including: Debt instrument investments                              6,019,540,958.90          3,414,508,219.18


         Total                                                               6,019,540,958.90          3,414,508,219.18


        Note: Debt instrument investments represent the structured bank deposits (floating returns) held by the Group
              issued by Bank of Beijing Co., Ltd., China Everbright Bank Co., Ltd., Ping An Bank Co., Ltd., Industrial Bank
              Co., Ltd., Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Co., Ltd., and China CITIC Bank Co., Ltd. The annual
              interest rate of such structured deposits ranges from 1.80% to 1.95% with a maturity period of 90 to 186 days,
              and they are non-revocable prior to maturity.


    5.3 Notes receivable
        5.3.1 Breakdown of the notes receivable


                                                                                           As at                 As at
                                                                                        June 30,          December 31,
                 Item                                                                      2026                  2025
                 Bank acceptance bills                                          457,705,069.12           248,143,157.49
                 Commercial acceptance bills                                     23,725,624.61
                 Less: Provision for bad debts                                    1,264,668.81


                 Total                                                          480,166,024.92           248,143,157.49




                                                                                                                      101
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.3 Notes receivable (Continued)
          5.3.2 Disclosure of notes receivable under the methods of provision for bad debts by category


                                                                          As at June 30, 2026                                                                   As at December 31, 2025

                                                  Book balance                 Provision for bad debts                                  Book balance                   Provision for bad debts

                                                                                                 Proportion                                                                           Proportion

                                                           Proportion                           of provision                                      Proportion                         of provision

                 Category                       Amount              (%)           Amount                 (%)      Book value          Amount              (%)            Amount                  (%)      Book value

                 Provision for bad

                   debts accrued on

                   an individual basis

                 Provision for bad

                   debts on portfolio

                   basis of credit

                   risk characteristics   481,430,693.73         100.00      1,264,668.81              0.26    480,166,024.92   248,143,157.49         100.00                                          248,143,157.49



                 Total                    481,430,693.73         100.00      1,264,668.81                      480,166,024.92   248,143,157.49         100.00                                          248,143,157.49



               Provision for bad debts on portfolio basis of credit risk characteristics:

               Provision for bad debts accrued on a portfolio basis:

                                                                                                                                     As at June 30, 2026
                                                                                                                   Notes                     Provision   Proportion of
                 Name                                                                                          receivable                for bad debts   provision (%)
                 Bank acceptance bills                                                                457,705,069.12
                 Commercial acceptance bills                                                           23,725,624.61                             1,264,668.81                                              5.33


                 Total                                                                                481,430,693.73                             1,264,668.81




102
                                                                                                   Interim Report 2026




                                                                          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.3 Notes receivable (Continued)
        5.3.3 Provision, reversal or recovery of provision for bad debts in 2026


                                                                 Changes in the current period
                                          As at                                                                     As at
                                   December 31,                   Reversal or    Write-off or                    June 30,
              Category                    2025       Provision      recovery      charge-off Other changes          2026
              Commercial
                acceptance bills                  1,264,668.81                                               1,264,668.81


              Total                               1,264,668.81                                               1,264,668.81


        5.3.4 Notes receivable pledged As at June 30, 2026
             None.

        5.3.5 Notes receivable endorsed or discounted but undue As at June 30, 2026
             None.

        5.3.6 Notes receivable actually written off in the current period
             None.




                                                                                                                    103
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.4 Accounts receivable
          5.4.1 Disclosure of accounts receivable (based on invoice date)


                                                                                                                                                                                                         As at
                                                                                                                                                         As at                                    December 31,
                 Aging                                                                                                                          June 30, 2026                                            2025
                 Within 1 year                                                                                                            3,916,750,199.62                                  4,023,101,970.17
                 Including: Subitem within 1 year
                 Within 6 months                                                                                                          2,727,365,218.12                                  2,910,511,722.04
                 7 – 12 months                                                                                                            1,189,384,981.50                                  1,112,590,248.13
                 1 – 2 years                                                                                                                674,036,515.58                                  1,317,645,129.60
                 2 – 3 years                                                                                                                317,675,253.22                                    205,302,425.07
                 3 – 4 years                                                                                                                276,797,877.54                                    341,227,634.11
                 4 – 5 years                                                                                                                 67,369,884.81                                     15,335,709.41
                 Over 5 years                                                                                                               280,394,466.78                                    276,862,558.39
                 Sub-total                                                                                                                5,533,024,197.55                                  6,179,475,426.75
                 Less: Provision for bad debts                                                                                            1,053,369,286.42                                  1,072,562,011.77


                 Total                                                                                                                    4,479,654,911.13                                  5,106,913,414.98


          5.4.2 Disclosure of accounts receivable under the methods of provision for bad debts by
                category


                                                                                 As at June 30, 2026                                                                       As at December 31, 2025

                                                        Book balance            Provision for bad debts                                            Book balance                    Provision for bad debts

                                                                                                       Proportion of                                                                             Proportion of

                 Category                              Amount Proportion (%)              Amount provision (%)              Book value            Amount Proportion (%)               Amount provision (%)            Book value

                 Provision for bad

                   debts accrued on

                   an individual basis          868,209,128.91          15.69      548,879,256.21            63.22      319,329,872.70     903,581,424.16          14.62        530,110,131.54           58.67    373,471,292.62

                 Provision for bad debts on

                   portfolio basis of credit

                   risk characteristics        4,664,815,068.64         84.31      504,490,030.21            10.81     4,160,325,038.43   5,275,894,002.59         85.38        542,451,880.23           10.28   4,733,442,122.36



                 Total                         5,533,024,197.55        100.00    1,053,369,286.42                      4,479,654,911.13   6,179,475,426.75        100.00      1,072,562,011.77                   5,106,913,414.98




104
                                                                                                                    Interim Report 2026




                                                                                       NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                             (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.4 Accounts receivable (Continued)
        5.4.2 Disclosure of accounts receivable under the methods of provision for bad debts by
              category (Continued)
              Provision for bad debts accrued on an individual basis:

                                                      As at June 30, 2026                                    As at December 31, 2025
                                                                                                                                         Proportion
                                                 Provision for Proportion of    Reason for                          Provision for                 of
             Name               Book balance        bad debts provision (%)     provision         Book balance         bad debts       provision (%)
             Customer 1        184,496,534.62   184,496,534.62         100.00   Poor financial   184,496,534.62   184,496,534.62             100.00
                                                                                  position
             Customer 2        138,019,966.24   132,659,042.36          96.12   Poor financial   159,925,542.87   151,310,185.45              94.61
                                                                                  position
             Customer 3        313,740,010.78    91,399,408.31          29.13   Poor financial   322,201,696.30     71,063,666.42             22.06
                                                                                  position
             Customer 4         67,175,389.36    34,870,718.93          51.91   Poor financial    71,665,376.40     34,870,718.93             48.66
                                                                                  position
             Customer 5         19,215,961.30    19,215,961.30         100.00   Poor financial    19,981,414.06     19,981,414.06            100.00
                                                                                  position
             Customer 6         11,139,029.46    11,139,029.46         100.00   Poor financial    11,582,743.96     11,582,743.96            100.00
                                                                                  position
             Customer 7          7,860,786.21     7,860,786.21         100.00   Poor financial     7,860,786.21      7,860,786.21            100.00
                                                                                  position
             Customer 8         38,501,545.03    19,537,692.51          50.75   Poor financial    32,225,845.18      7,800,568.47             24.21
                                                                                  position
             Customer 9          6,443,184.87     6,291,290.95          97.64   Poor financial     5,683,608.87      5,683,608.87            100.00
                                                                                  position
             Customer 10         9,466,160.25     1,768,446.73          18.68   Poor financial     9,865,437.48      5,518,344.98             55.94
                                                                                  position
             Other companies    72,150,560.79    39,640,344.83                                    78,092,438.21     29,941,559.57

             Total             868,209,128.91   548,879,256.21                                   903,581,424.16   530,110,131.54

            Provision for bad debts on portfolio basis of credit risk characteristics:

            Item accrued on a portfolio basis:

                                                                                      As at June 30, 2026
                                                                     Accounts                  Provision                   Proportion of
             Name                                                   receivable             for bad debts                   provision (%)
             Accounts receivable from
               related parties                             2,671,164,666.19
             Accounts receivable from
               third parties                               1,993,650,402.45                  504,490,030.21                               25.30

             Total                                         4,664,815,068.64                  504,490,030.21




                                                                                                                                              105
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.4 Accounts receivable (Continued)
          5.4.3 Provision, reversal or recovery of provision for bad debts in 2026


                                                  As at                              Changes in the current period                                          As at
                                           December 31,                         Reversal       Write-off or          Exchange Reclassification           June 30,
                 Category                         2025           Provision   or recovery         charge off       rate changes    adjustment                2026
                 Provision for bad
                   debts accrued on
                   an individual basis    530,110,131.54    20,482,118.00     375,665.89                       -1,337,327.44                      548,879,256.21
                 Provision for bad
                   debts accrued on
                   a portfolio basis      542,451,880.23    -35,789,286.77   1,577,070.41      595,492.84                                         504,490,030.21


                 Total                   1,072,562,011.77   -15,307,168.77   1,952,736.30      595,492.84      -1,337,327.44                     1,053,369,286.42


               Of which, significant amounts of provision for bad debts recovered or reversed in the current
               period:

                                                                                                                                      Basis for
                                                                                                                                      determining
                                                                                                                                      the original
                                                                                                                                      provision for bad
                                          Amount recovered                                                                            debts and its
                 Name of entity                or reversed             Reason for reversal             Method of recovery             reasonableness
                 Customer A                        1,325,385.12        Collection of amounts           Cash collection                Calculated based
                                                                                                                                        on discounted
                                                                                                                                        cash flows from
                                                                                                                                        collections.
                 Customer B                           135,000.00       Collection of amounts           Cash collection                Calculated based
                                                                                                                                        on discounted
                                                                                                                                        cash flows from
                                                                                                                                        collections.
                 Customer C                           240,000.00       Collection of amounts           Cash collection                Calculated based
                                                                                                                                        on discounted
                                                                                                                                        cash flows from
                                                                                                                                        collections.


                 Total                             1,700,385.12




106
                                                                                       Interim Report 2026




                                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                               For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                               (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.4 Accounts receivable (Continued)
        5.4.4 Accounts receivable actually charged off in 2026


              Item                                                                         Amount write off
              Accounts receivable actually write off                                            595,492.84


        5.4.5 Top five of accounts receivable As at June 30, 2026, presented by debtors
             The sum amount of top five of accounts receivable and contract assets presented by debtors
             is RMB2,196,638,979.80, accounting for 38.97 % of the ending balance of accounts receivable
             and contract assets, and the corresponding ending balance of provision for bad debts is
             RMB244,816,214.72.

    5.5 Advances to suppliers
        5.5.1 Presentation of advances to suppliers by aging


                                            As at June 30, 2026              As at December 31, 2025
              Aging                          Amount Proportion (%)              Amount Proportion (%)
              Within 1 year          194,387,900.18               83.67   194,416,191.78             87.40
              1 to 2 years            23,245,326.74               10.01     9,111,746.99              4.10
              2 to 3 years             8,560,163.77                3.68     9,987,327.88              4.49
              Over 3 years             6,125,128.91                2.64     8,913,697.72              4.01
              Sub-total              232,318,519.60              100.00   222,428,964.37            100.00


              Less: Provision for
                bad debts              3,562,755.57                         3,562,755.57


              Total                  228,755,764.03              100.00   218,866,208.80            100.00


        5.5.2 Prepayments to top five suppliers by ending balance
             The total amount of prepayments to the top five suppliers by concentration of ending balance
             is RMB60,751,516.50, accounting for 26.15% of the total ending balance of prepayments.




                                                                                                       107
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.6 Other receivables

                                                                         As at            As at
                                                                      June 30,     December 31,
           Item                                                          2026             2025
           Interest receivable
           Dividends receivable                                   5,500,000.00       5,500,000.00
           Other receivables                                  3,325,843,457.06   2,848,137,688.95


           Total                                              3,331,343,457.06   2,853,637,688.95


          5.6.1 Dividends receivable
               Details of dividends receivable

                                                                         As at            As at
                                                                      June 30,     December 31,
                   Item (or investee)                                    2026             2025
                   Xinjiang TravelSky E-surfing Science and
                   Technology Co., Ltd.                           5,500,000.00       5,500,000.00
                   Sub-total                                      5,500,000.00       5,500,000.00


                   Less: Provision for bad debts


                   Total                                          5,500,000.00       5,500,000.00




108
                                                                                                                                                                              Interim Report 2026




                                                                                                                            NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                                                     (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.6 Other receivables (Continued)
        5.6.2 Other receivables
             (1)   Disclosure by aging

                                                                                                                                                                                               As at
                                                                                                                                              As at                                     December 31,
                    Aging                                                                                                            June 30, 2026                                             2025
                    Within 1 year                                                                                                3,152,986,891.08                                 2,746,209,771.34
                    Including: Subitem within 1 year
                    Within 6 months                                                                                              3,038,271,441.35                                 2,717,621,136.75
                    7 – 12 months                                                                                                  114,715,449.73                                    28,588,634.59
                    1 – 2 years                                                                                                     69,971,794.52                                    29,403,878.45
                    2 – 3 years                                                                                                     72,708,915.54                                    40,603,953.06
                    3 – 4 years                                                                                                      4,723,560.73                                     7,122,357.60
                    4 – 5 years                                                                                                      4,947,717.56                                     9,715,072.60
                    Over 5 years                                                                                                    20,611,964.90                                    15,190,043.17
                    Sub-total                                                                                                    3,325,950,844.33                                 2,848,245,076.22


                    Less: Provision for bad debts                                                                                            107,387.27                                          107,387.27


                    Total                                                                                                        3,325,843,457.06                                 2,848,137,688.95


             (2)   Disclosure of other receivables under the methods of provision for bad debts by
                   category


                                                                              As at June 30, 2026                                                                  As at December 31, 2025

                                                      Book balance                Provision for bad debts                                  Book balance                    Provision for bad debts

                                                                                                Proportion                                                                                Proportion

                                                                 Proportion                    of provision                                          Proportion                          of provision

                    Category                          Amount           (%)          Amount              (%)        Book value             Amount             (%)             Amount                  (%)        Book value

                    Provision for bad

                      debts accrued on

                      an individual basis

                    Provision for bad debts

                      on portfolio

                      basis of credit risk

                      characteristics         3,325,950,844.33        100        107,387.27                   3,325,843,457.06    2,848,245,076.22        100.00          107,387.27                       2,848,137,688.95



                    Total                     3,325,950,844.33        100        107,387.27                   3,325,843,457.06    2,848,245,076.22        100.00          107,387.27                       2,848,137,688.95




                                                                                                                                                                                                                   109
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.6 Other receivables (Continued)
          5.6.2 Other receivables (Continued)
               (2)   Disclosure of other receivables under the methods of provision for bad debts by
                     category (Continued)
                     Provision for bad debts on portfolio basis of credit risk characteristics:

                     Item accrued on a portfolio basis:

                                                                     As at June 30, 2026
                                                                           Provision for                  Proportion
                      Name                         Other receivables          bad debts              of provision (%)
                      Related-parties               2,324,133,483.75               107,387.27
                      Third-parties                 1,001,817,360.58


                      Total                         3,325,950,844.33               107,387.27


               (3)   Provision for bad debts

                                                               Phase 1          Phase 2        Phase 3
                                                                        Expected credit Expected credit
                                                                         losses for the losses for the
                                                        Expected credit entire duration entire duration
                                                          losses in the       (no credit         (credit
                      Provision for bad debts           next 12 months     impairment)     impairment)           Total
                      Balance As at December 31, 2025                        107,387.27                     107,387.27
                      In 2026, balance As at
                         December 31, 2025
                      – Transfer to Phase 2
                      – Transfer to Phase 3
                      – Reversal from Phase 2
                      – Reversal from Phase 1
                      Provision in 2026
                      Reversal in 2026
                      Write-off in 2026
                      Charge-off in 2026
                      Other changes
                      Balance As at June 30, 2026                            107,387.27                     107,387.27




110
                                                                                                   Interim Report 2026




                                                                         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                    (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.6 Other receivables (Continued)
        5.6.2 Other receivables (Continued)
             (4)   Provision, reversal or recovery of provision for bad debts in 2026

                                                 As at             Changes in the current period                  As at
                                          December 31,              Reversal or Write off or         Other     June 30,
                    Category                     2025    Provision     recovery      charge off    changes        2026
                    Accrued on
                      a portfolio basis     107,387.27                                                       107,387.27


                    Total                   107,387.27                                                       107,387.27


             (5)   Classification of other receivables by the nature of payment

                                                                                         As at                 As at
                                                                                      June 30,          December 31,
                    Nature                                                               2026                  2025
                    Various margin, deposit and loan
                      of reserve fund                                         31,446,792.42             29,301,478.42
                    Current loan                                             134,440,862.10             81,300,335.52
                    Settlement and clearing payments                       1,642,021,242.22          1,413,903,392.27
                    Factoring receivables                                  1,518,041,947.59          1,323,739,870.01


                    Total                                                  3,325,950,844.33          2,848,245,076.22


             (6)   Analysis of other receivables by debtor – top five by ending balance
                   The total amount of other receivables due from the top five debtors by ending balance
                   is RMB954,162,022.76, accounting for 28.69% of the total ending balance of other
                   receivables, and the corresponding ending balance of provision for bad debts is
                   RMB0.00.




                                                                                                                  111
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.7 Inventories
          5.7.1 Classification of inventories


                                                                      As at June 30, 2026                                   As at December 31, 2025
                                                                          Provision for                                            Provision for
                                                                         depreciation/                                             depreciation/
                                                                            Impairment                                               Impairment
                                                                         of contractual                                           of contractual
                                                                          performance                                              performance
           Item                                          Book balance             costs          Book value      Book balance              costs    Book value
           Merchandise inventories                       79,753,392.32                        79,753,392.32      35,655,440.37                     35,655,440.37
           Contract performance cost                     77,882,953.57                        77,882,953.57      43,840,837.91                     43,840,837.91


           Total                                        157,636,345.89                      157,636,345.89       79,496,278.28                     79,496,278.28


      5.8 Contract assets
          5.8.1 Contract assets


                                                                           As at June 30, 2026                                As at December 31, 2025
                                                                              Provision for                                          Provision for
                   Item                                       Book balance      impairment         Book value      Book balance       impairment      Book value
                   Airport digitalization service etc       104,817,183.85    20,964,065.66      83,853,118.19     94,575,700.93   18,832,727.55   75,742,973.38


                   Total                                    104,817,183.85    20,964,065.66      83,853,118.19     94,575,700.93   18,832,727.55   75,742,973.38


          5.8.2 Amount from significant change in book value and reason therefor during the reporting
                period


                   Item                                          Changed amount                  Reason for change
                   Airport digitalization                                10,241,482.92           Increase due to change in measurement
                     service etc                                                                   of progress in compliance


                   Total                                                 10,241,482.92




112
                                                                                                                                                                            Interim Report 2026




                                                                                                                              NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                                                         (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.8 Contract assets (Continued)
        5.8.3 Classification disclosure of contract assets under method of provision for impairment


                                                                                         As at June 30, 2026                                                        As at December 31, 2025

                                                                  Book balance               Provision for bad debts                             Book balance              Provision for bad debts

                                                                            Proportion                    Proportion of                                   Proportion                    Proportion of

              Category                                           Amount            (%)         Amount provision (%)         Book value         Amount             (%)        Amount provision (%)         Book value

              Provision for impairment accrued

                on an individual basis                      5,036,966.12          4.81     5,036,966.12        100.00                      5,659,207.36          5.98    5,036,966.12         89.00       622,241.24

              Provision for impairment loss on portfolio

                basis of credit risk characteristics       99,780,217.73         95.19 15,927,099.54            15.96 83,853,118.19       88,916,493.57         94.02   13,795,761.43         15.52     75,120,732.14



              Total                                        104,817,183.85      100.00 20,964,065.66                       83,853,118.19   94,575,700.93      100.00     18,832,727.55                   75,742,973.38



             Provision for impairment accrued on an individual basis:

                                                                 Balance As at June 30, 2026                                                                   Balance As at December 31, 2025
                                           Contract Provision for Proportion of                                                                               Contract Provision for Proportion of
              Name                           assets impairment provision (%) Reasons for accrual                                                                assets impairment provision (%)
              Customer D             5,036,966.12 5,036,966.12                       100.00         Calculated based on discounted                        5,036,966.12        5,036,966.12                  100.00
                                                                                                      cash flows of repayments from
                                                                                                      HNA Group entities
              Customer E                                                                            Debt restructuring                                     622,241.24


              Total                  5,036,966.12 5,036,966.12                                                                                            5,659,207.36        5,036,966.12


             Provision for impairment loss on portfolio basis of credit risk characteristics:

             Item accrued on a portfolio basis:

                                                                                                                           Balance As at June 30, 2026
                                                                                                                       Contract   Provision for    Proportion of
              Name                                                                                                       assets     impairment     provision (%)
              Third-parties                                                                               91,628,392.06                       15,927,099.54                                             17.38
              Related-parties                                                                              8,151,825.67


              Total                                                                                       99,780,217.73                       15,927,099.54




                                                                                                                                                                                                             113
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.8 Contract assets (Continued)
          5.8.4 Provision for impairment of contract assets in 2026

                                                  Balance As at                                   Write-off/              Balance As at
                                                 December 31,     Provision in   Reversal in   charge-off in                   June 30,
                   Item                                   2025           2026          2026            2026 Other changes         2026
                   Provision for impairment
                     assessed on an individual basis 5,036,966.12                                                          5,036,966.12
                   Provision for impairment
                     assessed on a portfolio basis 13,795,761.43 2,567,554.24    400,062.08       32,461.49     -3,692.56 15,927,099.54


                   Total                          18,832,727.55 2,567,554.24     400,062.08       32,461.49     -3,692.56 20,964,065.66

      5.9 Non-current assets maturing within one year

                                                                                                      As at                 As at
                                                                                                   June 30,          December 31,
           Item                                                                                       2026                  2025
           Time deposits and interest maturing within one year                            525,552,555.55             545,671,917.81


           Total                                                                          525,552,555.55             545,671,917.81

          Note: The Group holds RMB time deposit certificates with China Construction Bank, Ping An Bank Co., Ltd., and
                Industrial Bank Co., Ltd., with an annual interest rate of 1.55%-2.60% and a term of 1,095 days. which are
                irrevocable before maturity.




114
                                                                                                  Interim Report 2026




                                                                          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                      For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                      (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.10 Other current assets

                                                                                         As at                As at
                                                                                      June 30,         December 31,
         Item                                                                            2026                 2025
         Debt investments due within one year (Note 1)                      1,000,457,054.62        1,000,175,102.74
         Time deposits with original maturity within one
           year and accrued interest (Note 2)                                  50,531,222.24           50,179,277.79
         Input VAT to be deducted                                             233,662,884.69          227,022,499.57
         Prepaid taxes                                                         12,919,254.54            8,687,303.42


         Total                                                              1,297,570,416.09        1,286,064,183.52

        Note 1: The debt investments represent the Group’s holdings in 7-day reverse repurchase agreements of
                government bonds, with a principal amount of RMB1,000,000,000.00 and an annualized interest rate of 1.50%
                with a maturity period of 11 days.


        Note 2: The Group holds one-year time deposit certificates with Bank of Communications, with an annual interest
                rate of 1.4%, and a term of 365 days.




                                                                                                                   115
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.11 Long-term equity investments
          5.11.1 Long-term equity investments

                                                                   Balance of                                                   Increase/decrease in 2026                                                               Balance of
                                                                  provision for                                  Gain/loss on                                           Cash                                          provision for
                                                                  impairment                                     investments        Adjustment      Change         dividends                                           impairment
                                                          As at          As at                                    recognized           to other     in other       or profits Provision for                   As at          As at
                                                 December 31,       December       Increase in   Decrease in    under equity    comprehensive        equity    declared to be   impairment                 June 30,       June 30,
                 Investee                                 2025        31, 2025    investments    investments         method             income      change        distributed       in 2026 Others            2026            2026

                 1. Joint ventures
                    Heilongjiang TravelSky
                         Airport Network
                         Co., Ltd.                29,270,482.23                                                  2,161,987.99                                                                         31,432,470.22
                    Dalian TravelSky Airport
                         Network LLC              24,471,437.81                                                   133,643.24                                                                          24,605,081.05
                    Hebei TravelSky Airport
                         Network Co., Ltd.        16,906,374.81                                                  1,286,287.47                                                                         18,192,662.28
                    Xinjiang TravelSky
                         E-surfing Science and
                         Technology Co., Ltd.     35,953,577.45                                                 -5,282,348.88                                                                         30,671,228.57
                    Yunnan TravelSky Airport
                         Network Co., Ltd        122,392,863.92                                                  -485,647.89                                                                         121,907,216.03
                 Sub-total                       228,994,736.22                                                 -2,186,078.07                                                                        226,808,658.15
                 2. Associates
                    Beijing TravelSky Birun
                         Technology Co., Ltd.     68,340,899.47                                                  3,564,347.73                                                                         71,905,247.20
                    TravelSky Mobile
                         Technology Co., Ltd.    241,300,143.62                                                -13,733,413.64                                                                        227,566,729.98
                    Shanghai Civil Aviation
                         East China Cares
                         System Integration
                         Co., Ltd.                94,637,648.23                                                 -1,774,660.36                                                                         92,862,987.87
                    Shenyang Civil Aviation
                         Northeast Cares
                         Co., Ltd.               176,545,647.52                                                   982,350.86                                                                         177,527,998.38
                    Chengdu Civil Aviation
                         Southwest Cares
                         Co., Ltd.               103,706,035.64                                                  5,954,824.98                                                                        109,660,860.62
                    Guangzhou Skyecho
                         Information
                         Technology Co., Ltd.      7,002,578.66                                                   407,394.67                                                                           7,409,973.33
                    Yantai TravelSky Airport
                         Network Co., Ltd.         7,437,879.68                                                   318,297.15                                                                           7,756,176.83
                 Sub-total                       698,970,832.82                                                 -4,280,858.61                                                                        694,689,974.21



                 Total                           927,965,569.04                                                 -6,466,936.68                                                                        921,498,632.36




116
                                                                                                                                                                                    Interim Report 2026




                                                                                                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                                                          (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.12 Investments in other equity instruments
        5.12.1 Details of other equity instrument investments


                                                                                      Profit recognized Loss charged to                                                  Accumulated       Accumulated

                                                                                              in other            other                                                 profit in other   losses in other   Reasons for

                                                  As at                                comprehensive     comprehensive                               Dividend income   comprehensive      comprehensive     designation as at

                                         December 31,     Additional   Reduction of     income for the   income for the                      As at recognized during income at the end income at the end    fair value through other

              Item                                2025    investment    investment             period            period   Other     June 30, 2026         the period      of the period     of the period   comprehensive income

              China Merchants          1,052,313,600.00                                 375,486,400.00                            1,427,800,000.00                      552,800,000.00                      The Company does

                RenHe Life Insurance                                                                                                                                                                          not intend to hold the

                Company Limited                                                                                                                                                                               investment for trading

                                                                                                                                                                                                              purposes.



              Total                    1,052,313,600.00                                 375,486,400.00                            1,427,800,000.00                      552,800,000.00



             The Company holds 13.26% of all the equity of an unlisted company, China Merchants RenHe
             Life Insurance Company Limited, which has a fair value of RMB1,427,800 thousand as at
             June 30, 2026. As the Company does not intend to hold the investment for trading purposes,
             the Company designated the investment as financial assets measured at fair value through
             other comprehensive income. The Company has referred to the valuation report issued by
             China Alliance Appraisal Co., Ltd., an independent professional valuer with professional
             qualifications and relevant experience, confirmed the fair value as at June 30, 2026.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                          117
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.13 Other non-current financial assets

                                                                                           As at                 As at
                                                                                        June 30,          December 31,
           Item                                                                            2026                  2025
           Financial assets measured at fair value
             through the current profit or loss                               1,113,051,859.51         1,116,357,687.34
           Including: Equity instrument investments                           1,113,051,859.51         1,116,357,687.34


           Total                                                              1,113,051,859.51         1,116,357,687.34


          Note: The Company has entered into a limited partnership agreement (the “Agreement”) with China Mobile
                Capital Holding Co., Ltd., other investors (together with the Company and China Mobile Capital Holding Co.,
                Ltd., as limited partners) and China Mobile Equity Fund Management Co., Ltd. (as general partner) for the
                establishment of China Mobile Equity Fund (Hebei Xiongan) Partnership (Limited Partnership) (the “China
                Mobile Equity Fund”), pursuant to which the Company agreed to contribute a total of RMB1 billion in cash to
                the China Mobile Equity Fund during the term of the Agreement. China Mobile Equity Fund primarily invests in
                companies related to 5G industry application and information and communications industry chain, ecosystem
                and enabling industries. In accordance with the terms of the Agreement, as unanimously agreed by the
                Company and other partners, the term of operation of China Mobile Equity Fund has been extended to May 31,
                2027.


                As at June 30, 2026, the Company has made actual capital contributions (including fund management fee) of
                RMB861,704,161.66 under the agreement. The Company measured the fair value of this financial asset based
                on the share of net assets attributable to the Company as shown in the financial statements of China Mobile
                Equity Fund as at June 30, 2026.




118
                                                                                          Interim Report 2026




                                                                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                    (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.14 Investment properties
        5.14.1 Investment properties measured at cost

                                                                Buildings,
              Item                                           constructions   Land use right               Total
              1. Original book value
                 (1) As at December 31, 2025                271,474,731.12    95,285,700.00      366,760,431.12
                 (2) Increase in 2026
                     – Transfer from fixed assets
                     – Others
                 (3) Decrease in 2026
                     – Transfer to self-use
                 (4) As at June 30, 2026                    271,474,731.12    95,285,700.00      366,760,431.12
              2. Accumulated depreciation
                 (1) As at December 31, 2025                155,382,922.02    41,558,710.68      196,941,632.70
                 (2) Increase in 2026                         3,043,349.64     2,815,473.90        5,858,823.54
                     – Provision or amortization              3,043,349.64     2,815,473.90        5,858,823.54
                     – Transfer from fixed assets
                     – Others
                 (3) Decrease in 2026
                     – Transfer to self-use
                 (4) As at June 30, 2026                    158,426,271.66    44,374,184.58      202,800,456.24
              3. Provision for impairment
                 (1) As at December 31, 2025
                 (2) Increase in 2026
                 (3) Decrease in 2026
                 (4) As at June 30, 2026
              4. Book value
                 (1) As at June 30, 2026                    113,048,459.46    50,911,515.42      163,959,974.88
                 (2) As at December 31, 2025                116,091,809.10    53,726,989.32      169,818,798.42

        5.14.2 Investment properties with pending certificate of title
               None.

    5.15 Fixed assets
        5.15.1 Fixed assets and disposal of fixed assets

                                                                                 As at                 As at
                                                                              June 30,          December 31,
              Item                                                               2026                  2025
              Fixed assets                                            2,983,823,066.93        2,976,048,895.19
              Disposal of fixed assets                                      612,283.71              427,913.87

              Total                                                   2,984,435,350.64        2,976,476,809.06




                                                                                                           119
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.15 Fixed assets (Continued)
          5.15.2 Breakdown of fixed assets


                                                                   Buildings and        Machinery                           Electronic
                 Item                                              constructions       equipment     Motor vehicles        equipment     Office equipment        Others               Total

                 1.     Original book value
                        (1) As at December 31, 2025              2,898,790,121.26   923,229,024.13    65,523,668.41   3,600,080,457.78     704,761,799.12   1,586,940.77   8,193,972,011.47
                        (2) Increase in 2026                                         72,985,948.56     1,203,558.52    107,300,053.90       13,581,075.23                   195,070,636.21
                             – Purchase                                              72,985,948.56     1,205,592.93    107,883,296.84       12,995,797.88                   195,070,636.21
                             – Transferred from construction
                                  in progress
                             – Asset class adjustments                                                    -2,034.41       -583,242.94          585,277.35
                             – Transfer from investment
                                  property to self-use
                        (3) Decrease in 2026                                                           1,770,873.82     22,539,770.15        4,693,323.52     11,269.84      29,015,237.33
                             – Disposal or scrapping                                                   1,734,494.55     22,049,649.05        4,431,375.85                    28,215,519.45
                             – Effect of foreign exchange                                                 36,379.27        490,121.10          261,947.67     11,269.84         799,717.88
                             – Transfer to investment property
                             – Transfer to intangible assets
                        (4) As at June 30, 2026                  2,898,790,121.26   996,214,972.69    64,956,353.11   3,684,840,741.53     713,649,550.83   1,575,670.93   8,360,027,410.35
                 2.     Accumulated depreciation
                        (1) As at December 31, 2025               920,038,725.20    718,252,206.76    53,860,275.95   2,867,813,734.22     643,633,845.49   1,112,155.12   5,204,710,942.74
                        (2) Increase in 2026                       44,637,834.66     31,586,003.66     1,181,304.02     78,942,659.66       29,928,840.71     60,985.58     186,337,628.29
                             – Provision                           44,637,834.66     31,586,003.66     1,182,093.35     79,707,614.07       29,163,096.97     60,985.58     186,337,628.29
                             – Asset class adjustments                                                     -789.33        -764,954.41          765,743.74
                             – Transfer from investment
                                  property to self-use
                        (3) Decrease in 2026                                                           1,688,522.92     21,827,473.02        4,538,498.76       1,754.45     28,056,249.15
                             – Disposal or scrapping                                                   1,682,459.70     21,388,332.90        4,278,606.53                    27,349,399.13
                             – Effect of foreign exchange                                                  6,063.22        439,140.12          259,892.23       1,754.45        706,850.02
                             – Transfer to investment property
                             – Transfer to intangible assets
                        (4) As at June 30, 2026                   964,676,559.86    749,838,210.42    53,353,057.05   2,924,928,920.86     669,024,187.44   1,171,386.25   5,362,992,321.88
                 3.     Provision for impairment
                        (1) As at December 31, 2025                                   6,322,675.59                        6,889,497.95                                       13,212,173.54
                        (2) Increase in 2026
                        (3) Decrease in 2026                                                                                   152.00                                               152.00
                        (4) As at June 30, 2026                                       6,322,675.59                        6,889,345.95                                       13,212,021.54
                 4.     Book value
                        (1) As at June 30, 2026                  1,934,113,561.40   240,054,086.68    11,603,296.06    753,022,474.72       44,625,363.39    404,284.68    2,983,823,066.93
                        (2) As at December 31, 2025              1,978,751,396.06   198,654,141.78    11,663,392.46    725,377,225.61       61,127,953.63    474,785.65    2,976,048,895.19



          5.15.3 Temporarily idle fixed assets
               None.

120
                                                                                                  Interim Report 2026




                                                                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.15 Fixed assets (Continued)
        5.15.4 Details of fixed assets leased under operating lease


                                                          Buildings and
               Item                                       constructions   Office equipment          Others              Total
               1. Original book value
                  (1) As at December 31, 2025              5,990,918.08       5,319,202.87     2,198,230.10     13,508,351.05
                  (2) Increase in 2026
                  (3) Decrease in 2026                     5,990,918.08                                          5,990,918.08
                  (4) As at June 30, 2026                                     5,319,202.87     2,198,230.10      7,517,432.97
               2. Accumulated depreciation
                  (1) As at December 31, 2025              5,313,191.18       5,159,626.79      727,563.00      11,200,380.97
                  (2) Increase in 2026                                                          252,821.88         252,821.88
                      – Provision                                                               252,821.88         252,821.88
                      – Others
                  (3) Decrease in 2026                     5,313,191.18                                          5,313,191.18
                  (4) As at June 30, 2026                                     5,159,626.79      980,384.88       6,140,011.67
               3. Provision for impairment
                  (1) As at December 31, 2025
                  (2) Increase in 2026
                  (3) Decrease in 2026
                  (4) As at June 30, 2026
               4. Book value
                  (1) As at June 30, 2026                                       159,576.08     1,217,845.22      1,377,421.30
                  (2) As at December 31, 2025                677,726.90         159,576.08     1,470,667.10      2,307,970.08


        5.15.5 Disposal of fixed assets


                                                                                       As at                    As at
                                                                                    June 30,             December 31,
               Item                                                                    2026                     2025
               Scrapping of fixed assets to be approved                         612,283.71                    427,913.87


               Total                                                            612,283.71                    427,913.87




                                                                                                                       121
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.16 Construction in progress
          5.16.1 Construction in progress and project materials


                                                                  As at June 30, 2026                                                                     As at December 31, 2025
                                                                      Provision for                                                                              Provision for
                 Item                                Book balance      impairment                                   Book value                 Book balance       impairment      Book value
                 Construction in
                   progress                         19,668,482.66                                              19,668,482.66                   18,203,856.24                                                    18,203,856.24
                 Project materials


                 Total                              19,668,482.66                                              19,668,482.66                   18,203,856.24                                                    18,203,856.24


          5.16.2 Breakdown of construction in progress


                                                                  As at June 30, 2026                                                                     As at December 31, 2025
                                                                      Provision for                                                                              Provision for
                 Item                                Book balance      impairment                                   Book value                 Book balance       impairment      Book value
                 China Aviation
                   Information
                   Technology
                   Industrial Park
                   Construction
                   Project (Phase II)               19,668,482.66                                              19,668,482.66                   18,203,856.24                                                    18,203,856.24


                 Total                              19,668,482.66                                              19,668,482.66                   18,203,856.24                                                    18,203,856.24


          5.16.3 Changes in major items of construction in progress in 2026

                                                                                                                                                 Proportion                                   Of which:
                                                                                                                                           of the project’s                                 the amount
                                                                                                 Transfer                                       cumulative                Cumulative         of interest
                                                                        As at                   into fixed        Other                         investment                 amount of         capitalized   Current interest
                                                                 December 31,       Increase     assets in   decreases             As at     in the budget Project            interest   in the current      capitalization   Sources
                 Items                                 Budget           2025          in 2026        2026       in 2026   June 30, 2026                  (%) progress   capitalization            period           rate (%)   of funds

                 China Aviation Information     938,492,800.00   18,203,856.24   1,464,626.42                             19,668,482.66               2.1       2.1%                                                          Own capital
                   Technology Industrial Park
                   Construction Project
                    (Phase II)


                 Total                                           18,203,856.24   1,464,626.42                             19,668,482.66




122
                                                                                   Interim Report 2026




                                                               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                               For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                               (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.17 Right-of-use assets

                                                       Buildings and
         Items                                         constructions          Others            Total
         1. Original book value
            (1) As at December 31, 2025               436,858,800.75       98,644.77   436,957,445.52
            (2) Increase in 2026                        9,760,249.41                     9,760,249.41
                – New lease                             9,755,522.97                     9,755,522.97
                – Re-evaluation adjustment                  4,726.44                         4,726.44
            (3) Decrease in 2026                       39,111,154.40                    39,111,154.40
                – Expiration of lease                  29,757,739.98                    29,757,739.98
                – Effect of foreign exchange            1,424,489.07                     1,424,489.07
                – Re-evaluation adjustment              5,219,736.15                     5,219,736.15
                – Disposal                              2,059,547.10                     2,059,547.10
                – Others                                  649,642.10                       649,642.10
            (4) As at June 30, 2026                   407,507,895.76       98,644.77   407,606,540.53
         2. Accumulated depreciation
            (1) As at December 31, 2025               147,630,746.51       37,333.71   147,668,080.22
            (2) Increase in 2026                       68,623,892.97       16,440.84    68,640,333.81
                – Provision                            68,623,892.97       16,440.84    68,640,333.81
                – Others
            (3) Decrease in 2026                       31,329,955.05                    31,329,955.05
                – Expiration of lease                  27,464,743.03                    27,464,743.03
                – Effect of foreign exchange              914,607.44                       914,607.44
                – Disposal                              2,059,547.10                     2,059,547.10
                – Others                                  891,057.48                       891,057.48
            (4) As at June 30, 2026                   184,924,684.43       53,774.55   184,978,458.98
         3. Provision for impairment
            (1) As at December 31, 2025                 2,389,267.53                     2,389,267.53
            (2) Increase in 2026
            (3) Decrease in 2026                        2,389,267.53                     2,389,267.53
                – Effect of foreign exchange               67,945.66                        67,945.66
                – Others                                2,321,321.87                     2,321,321.87
            (4) As at June 30, 2026
         4. Book value
            (1) As at June 30, 2026                   222,583,211.33       44,870.22   222,628,081.55
            (2) As at December 31, 2025               286,838,786.71       61,311.06   286,900,097.77




                                                                                                 123
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.18 Intangible assets
          5.18.1 Breakdown of intangible assets

                                                                                      Non-patented                                 Data resources
                 Item                               Land use rights        Patents      technology          Software    Purchase   Self-developed    Other              Total

                 1.     Original book value
                        (1) As at December 31,
                             2025                   2,077,031,443.91   6,055,101.69                  3,498,008,347.43                38,550,618.09           5,619,645,511.12
                        (2) Increase in 2026                                                           18,939,637.04                                           18,939,637.04
                             – Purchase                                                                  3,215,400.83                                            3,215,400.83
                             – Internal R&D                                                            15,724,236.21                                           15,724,236.21
                             – Class adjustment
                             – Others
                        (3) Decrease in 2026                            287,081.14                       9,868,066.32                                          10,155,147.46
                             – Disposal                                                                  4,420,519.20                                            4,420,519.20
                             – Portion that
                                  expired and was
                                  derecognized
                             – Effect of foreign
                                  exchange                              287,081.14                       5,447,547.12                                            5,734,628.26
                        (4) As at June 30, 2026     2,077,031,443.91   5,768,020.55                  3,507,079,918.15                38,550,618.09           5,628,430,000.70
                 2.     Accumulated depreciation
                        (1) As at December 31,
                             2025                    820,828,166.51     875,041.28                   3,084,170,134.97                13,921,056.60           3,919,794,399.36
                        (2) Increase in 2026          25,817,847.06     231,691.75                    170,944,648.58                  1,010,609.82            198,004,797.21
                             – Provision              25,817,847.06     231,691.75                    170,944,648.58                  1,010,609.82            198,004,797.21
                             – Others
                        (3) Decrease in 2026                                                             8,077,653.87                                            8,077,653.87
                             – Disposal                                                                  4,420,519.20                                            4,420,519.20
                             – Portion that
                                  expired and was
                                  derecognized
                             – Effect of foreign
                                  exchange                                                               3,657,134.67                                            3,657,134.67
                             – Others
                        (4) As at June 30, 2026      846,646,013.57    1,106,733.03                  3,247,037,129.68                14,931,666.42           4,109,721,542.70
                 3.     Provision for impairment
                        (1) As at December 31,
                             2025
                        (2) Increase in 2026
                        (3) Decrease in 2026
                        (4) As at June 30, 2026
                 4.     Book value
                        (1) As at June 30, 2026     1,230,385,430.34   4,661,287.52                   260,042,788.47                 23,618,951.67           1,518,708,458.00
                        (2) As at December 31,
                             2025                   1,256,203,277.40   5,180,060.41                   413,838,212.46                 24,629,561.49           1,699,851,111.76



               Intangible assets formed through in-house research and development accounted for 24.69%
               of the intangible asset balance at the end of the period.

124
                                                                                                       Interim Report 2026




                                                                             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                        (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.18 Intangible assets (Continued)
        5.18.2 Status of intangible assets of data resources
                 5.18.2.1 Intangible assets of data resources with indefinite useful lives
                          None.

                 5.18.2.2 Intangible assets of a single data resource with a significant impact
                          None.

    5.19 Goodwill
        Changes in goodwill


                                                              Increase in 2026            Decrease in 2026
                                                  As at Formed from                                                        As at
         Name of the investee or           December 31, the business                                                    June 30,
         matters forming goodwill                 2025 combination           Others     Disposal        Others             2026
         Original book value
         Guangzhou Skyecho Information
           Technology Limited                  260,400.76                                                             260,400.76
         OpenJaw Technologies Limited      152,334,357.62                                                         152,334,357.62


         Sub-total                         152,594,758.38                                                         152,594,758.38
         Provision for impairment
         OpenJaw Technologies Limited      152,334,357.62                                                         152,334,357.62
         Sub-total                         152,334,357.62                                                         152,334,357.62


         Book value                           260,400.76                                                              260,400.76


    5.20 Long-term deferred expenses

                                                                                                          Other
                                                                                                     decreases
                                                         As at                                        – Foreign
                                                  December 31,        Increase    Amortization         currency             As at
         Item                                            2025           in 2026       in 2026       translation    June 30, 2026
         Various types of renovation and
           transformation works                    28,371,085.56    487,180.66    6,878,637.86       33,347.01     21,946,281.35


         Total                                     28,371,085.56    487,180.66    6,878,637.86       33,347.01     21,946,281.35




                                                                                                                            125
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.21 Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities
          5.21.1 Deferred tax assets before offset

                                                                 As at June 30, 2026                     As at December 31, 2025
                                                              Deductible                                 Deductible
                                                              temporary               Deferred            temporary             Deferred
                 Item                                        differences             tax assets          differences           tax assets
                 Provision for impairment of assets     1,045,622,988.11         157,872,743.76     1,056,793,690.79        159,511,181.02
                 Amortization of intangible assets      1,286,539,955.28         192,984,372.47     1,197,106,412.09        179,569,341.00
                 Fixed assets depreciation                    108,105.82              17,837.46           108,105.82             17,837.46
                 Employee compensation payable
                   accrued more than actually paid        218,991,574.85          32,848,736.23       306,930,358.20         46,039,553.73
                 Accrued expenses                       1,492,196,209.16         223,829,431.37     1,362,873,468.00        204,431,020.20
                 Temporary differences due to
                   lease liabilities                     241,933,916.01           37,213,310.08      301,213,448.12          46,420,795.32
                 Contract liabilities                    414,089,657.87           62,113,448.68      414,089,657.87          62,113,448.68
                 Deductible tax losses                    17,207,569.38            2,581,135.41
                 Offset                                 -219,746,237.87          -33,823,508.19     -284,323,813.24         -43,796,370.11


                 Total                                  4,496,943,738.61         675,637,507.27     4,354,791,327.65        654,306,807.30


          5.21.2 Deferred tax liabilities before offset

                                                                 As at June 30, 2026                     As at December 31, 2025
                                                                 Taxable                                     Taxable
                                                              temporary                Deferred           temporary             Deferred
                 Item                                        differences          tax liabilities        differences        tax liabilities
                 Changes in fair value of financial
                   instruments held for trading and
                   other non-current financial assets    317,018,509.10           47,552,776.36      312,798,865.60          46,919,829.84
                 Changes in fair value of investments
                   in other equity instruments           552,800,000.00           82,920,000.00      177,313,600.00          26,597,040.00
                 Temporary difference arising from
                   accelerated depreciation
                   of fixed assets                        23,615,398.32            3,573,811.28       23,999,206.82           3,632,231.70
                 Temporary difference arising from
                   asset revaluation increment            26,438,650.84            6,417,421.25       25,002,395.20           6,242,394.29
                 Temporary differences due to
                   right-of-use assets                   221,761,392.71           34,170,579.85      286,257,632.64          44,119,371.04
                 Amortization of intangible assets        50,565,766.80            6,604,192.20       53,470,091.12           6,978,524.58
                 Offset                                 -219,746,237.87          -33,823,508.19     -284,323,813.24         -43,796,370.11


                 Total                                   972,453,479.90          147,415,272.75      594,517,978.14          90,693,021.34

126
                                                                                        Interim Report 2026




                                                                NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                               For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                               (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.21 Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities (Continued)
        5.21.3 Details of unrecognized deferred tax assets


                                                                                As at              As at
                                                                             June 30,       December 31,
              Item                                                              2026               2025
              Deductible temporary differences                          11,052,281.13       13,088,028.33
              Deductible losses                                         16,060,031.74       20,937,163.30


              Total                                                     27,112,312.87       34,025,191.63


        5.21.4 Deductible losses from unrecognized deferred tax assets will be expired in the following
               years


                                                                As at             As at
                                                             June 30,      December 31,
              Year                                              2026              2025            Remark
              2026                                         265,207.86         265,207.86
              2027                                       2,194,158.89       2,194,158.89
              2028                                       1,272,212.30       1,272,212.30
              2029                                       3,144,399.65       3,144,399.65
              2030                                       2,979,834.59       8,061,387.24
              2031                                         204,421.09
              2033                                       5,999,797.36       5,999,797.36


              Total                                    16,060,031.74       20,937,163.30




                                                                                                      127
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.22 Other non-current assets

                                                                      As at June 30, 2026                                                      As at December 31, 2025
                                                                 Book     Provision for                                                               Provision for
           Item                                               balance      impairment                             Book value        Book balance       impairment      Book value
           Time deposits and
             interest over one year                   124,648,249.97                                     124,648,249.97           144,301,861.08                                      144,301,861.08
           Others                                          42,236.52                                          42,236.52


           Total                                      124,690,486.49                                     124,690,486.49           144,301,861.08                                      144,301,861.08


          Note: Time deposits with a maturity of over one year represent RMB-denominated time certificates of deposit held
                by the Group, issued by Bank of Communications and China Minsheng Banking Corporation. Such certificates
                bear annual interest rates ranging from 1.4% to 2.4% per annum, with terms of 730 to 1,095 days.


      5.23 Assets with restricted ownership or use

                                                                    As at June 30, 2026                                                               As at December 31, 2025
                                                                               Type of                                                                              Type of
           Item                    Carrying amount            Book value    restriction   Restrictions                     Carrying amount         Book value    restriction    Restrictions

           Cash and cash           2,010,164,845.97      2,010,164,845.97        Other    Payment business reserve         1,569,614,257.59   1,569,614,257.59        Other     Payment business reserve
             equivalents                                                                    deposits, time deposits or                                                          deposits, time deposits or call
                                                                                            call deposits used as                                                               deposits used as collateral,
                                                                                            collateral, performance                                                             performance bonds, property
                                                                                            bonds, property preservation                                                        preservation deposits, channel
                                                                                            deposits, channel guarantee                                                         guarantee deposits paid, etc.
                                                                                            deposits paid, etc.
           Non-current assets       504,280,000.00        504,280,000.00         Other    Locked-up funds and               545,671,917.81     545,671,917.81         Other     Locked-up funds and accrued
             due within one year                                                            accrued interest                                                                    interest



           Total                   2,514,444,845.97      2,514,444,845.97                                                  2,115,286,175.40   2,115,286,175.40



      5.24 Short-term borrowings
          5.24.1 Classification of short-term borrowings


                                                                                                                                                 As at                                 As at
                                                                                                                                              June 30,                          December 31,
                      Item                                                                                                                       2026                                  2025
                      Credit borrowings                                                                                           512,757,308.23                         1,288,402,134.97


                      Total                                                                                                       512,757,308.23                         1,288,402,134.97


128
                                                                                                                          Interim Report 2026




                                                                                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.24 Short-term borrowings (Continued)
        5.24.2 Detailed information of borrowings


                                                                           Principal amount
              Lender                                                                  (RMB)                Date              Interest rate (annual %)
                                                                                              Start           End
              China CITIC Bank Co., Ltd. Beijing Branch                      101,000,000.00   2025/12/17     2026/12/11      1-year LPR minus 0.89
              China CITIC Bank Co., Ltd. Beijing Branch                       30,436,108.87   2025/12/18     2026/12/3       1-year LPR minus 0.80
              China CITIC Bank Co., Ltd. Beijing Branch                       55,739,825.95   2025/12/23     2026/12/3       1-year LPR minus 0.80
              China CITIC Bank Co., Ltd. Beijing Branch                       21,108,097.57   2025/12/23     2026/12/3       1-year LPR minus 0.80
              Beijing Rural Commercial Bank Co., Ltd. Fengtai Sub-branch      91,000,000.00   2025/11/25     2026/11/25      1-year LPR minus 0.88
              China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. Beijing Branch               86,170,522.06   2026/4/21      2026/10/21      1-year LPR minus 0.89
              Bank of Communications Co., Ltd. Beijing Shunyi Sub-branch      31,000,000.00   2026/4/17      2026/7/31       1-year LPR minus 0.89
              Bank of Communications Co., Ltd. Beijing Shunyi Sub-branch      31,000,000.00   2026/4/24      2026/7/31       1-year LPR minus 0.89
              Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Co., Ltd. Tianjin Branch       62,331,989.61   2025/7/22      2026/7/21       1-year LPR minus 0.80
              Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Co., Ltd. Tianjin Branch        2,668,010.39   2025/7/23      2026/7/21       1-year LPR minus 0.80


              Total                                                          512,454,554.45




                                                                                                                                                129
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.25 Accounts payable
          5.25.1 Presentation of accounts payable (based on invoice dates)


                                                                                  As at             As at
                                                                               June 30,      December 31,
                   Item                                                           2026              2025
                   Within 1 year (including 1 year)                 1,441,081,691.33      1,644,717,971.22
                   1 – 2 years (including 2 years)                    610,143,431.01        405,438,253.06
                   2 – 3 years (including 3 years)                    206,806,762.42        224,126,066.13
                   Over 3 years                                        88,615,969.71        169,339,630.99


                   Total                                            2,346,647,854.47      2,443,621,921.40


          5.25.2 Significant account payables with aging over one year


                                                                       As at    Reason for no payment or
                   Item                                       June 30, 2026     carry-forward
                   Supplier 1                                 44,957,133.71     Business is conducted on
                                                                                  a continuous rolling basis
                   Supplier 2                                 39,824,676.24     Business is conducted on
                                                                                  a continuous rolling basis


                   Total                                      84,781,809.95


      5.26 Advances from customers

                                                                                  As at             As at
                                                                               June 30,      December 31,
           Item                                                                   2026              2025
           Within 1 year (including 1 year)                                  134,433.43


           Total                                                             134,433.43




130
                                                                                           Interim Report 2026




                                                                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                     (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.27 Contract liabilities
        5.27.1 Details of contract liabilities


                                                                                   As at              As at
                                                                                June 30,       December 31,
         Item                                                                      2026               2025
         Contracts for airport digital services, etc.                   1,251,585,232.85    1,050,430,852.10


         Total                                                          1,251,585,232.85    1,050,430,852.10


        5.27.2 Significant contractual liabilities aged over one year


                                                                           As at   Reasons for non-
                                                                        June 30,   reimbursement or
                 Item                                                      2026    carry-over
                 Air China Limited                                94,468,008.86    Performance obligations
                                                                                     not yet completed
                 China Southern Airlines Company Limited          89,489,116.89    Performance obligations
                                                                                     not yet completed
                 Shanghai Airlines Co., Ltd.                      76,911,038.49    Performance obligations
                                                                                     not yet completed
                 Hainan Airlines Holding Co., Ltd.                54,761,093.65    Performance obligations
                                                                                     not yet completed
                 Nanjing Lukou International Airport              51,370,442.48    Performance obligations
                  Technology Co., Ltd                                                not yet completed


                 Total                                          366,999,700.37


        5.27.3 Amount from significant change in book value and reason therefor during the reporting
               period


                                                                        Changed
                 Item                                                    amount    Reason for change
                 Contracts for airport digital services, etc.    201,154,380.75    Expansion of
                                                                                     business scale


                 Total                                           201,154,380.75




                                                                                                         131
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.28 Employee compensation payable
          5.28.1 Presentation of employee benefits payable

                                                            As at                                                    As at
                                                     December 31,                                                 June 30,
                 Item                                       2025      Increase in 2026 Decrease in 2026              2026
                 Short-term compensation             297,837,022.95    918,943,122.60     960,967,823.56    255,812,321.99
                 Post-employment benefits
                   – defined contribution plans       15,425,438.64    178,884,880.50     178,699,389.82     15,610,929.32
                 Dismissal benefits                      437,157.11        336,294.97         678,298.57         95,153.51
                 Other benefits due within
                   one year
                 Others                                6,439,211.20       5,028,889.27       5,913,971.40     5,554,129.07

                 Total                               320,138,829.90   1,103,193,187.34   1,146,259,483.35   277,072,533.89


          5.28.2 Presentation of short-term compensation

                                                            As at                                                    As at
                                                     December 31,                                                 June 30,
                 Item                                       2025      Increase in 2026 Decrease in 2026              2026
                 (1) Salaries, bonuses, allowances
                       and subsidies                 190,285,593.15    632,171,510.68     707,297,816.43    115,159,287.40
                 (2) Employee welfare                                   73,443,557.48      60,893,716.02     12,549,841.46
                 (3) Social insurance premiums         2,163,486.12     91,577,071.35      91,446,226.02      2,294,331.45
                     Including: medical insurance
                                  premium              1,036,063.69     88,163,607.78      88,026,436.42      1,173,235.05
                                 Work-related
                                   injury
                                   insurance
                                   premium              131,204.27        2,296,881.81       2,292,546.42      135,539.66
                                 Maternity
                                   insurance
                                   premium              996,218.16       1,116,581.76       1,127,243.18        985,556.74
                 (4) Housing provident funds            750,724.68      88,075,630.17      81,005,721.62      7,820,633.23
                 (5) Labor union expenditures and
                       employee education funds      104,518,505.33     27,998,026.82      14,545,270.83    117,971,261.32
                 (6) Short-term compensated
                       absences
                 (7) Short-term profit sharing
                       plan
                 (8) Other short-term employee
                       compensation                     118,713.67        5,677,326.10       5,779,072.64        16,967.13

                 Total                               297,837,022.95    918,943,122.60     960,967,823.56    255,812,321.99


132
                                                                                                  Interim Report 2026




                                                                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                     (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.28 Employee compensation payable (Continued)
        5.28.3 Presentation of defined contribution plans


                                                             As at                                                 As at
                                                      December 31,       Increase in      Decrease in           June 30,
                 Item                                        2025              2026             2026               2026
                 Basic endowment insurance premium     3,040,906.78   124,078,104.62   123,718,536.86       3,400,474.54
                 Unemployment insurance premium          -64,757.71     3,961,308.34     3,955,752.46         -59,201.83
                 Enterprise annuity payment           12,449,289.57    50,845,467.54    51,025,100.50      12,269,656.61


                 Total                                15,425,438.64   178,884,880.50   178,699,389.82      15,610,929.32


    5.29 Taxes payable

                                                                                          As at                As at
                                                                                       June 30,         December 31,
         Taxes and surcharges                                                             2026                 2025
         Value-added tax                                                       10,750,892.28             18,733,042.41
         Consumption tax                                                                                     18,237.56
         Corporate income tax                                                 163,513,973.17            129,353,221.47
         Individual income tax                                                 29,386,108.38             91,055,921.12
         Urban maintenance and construction tax                                 3,375,322.16              3,575,879.06
         House property tax                                                     1,592,946.95              1,439,342.22
         Educational surcharge                                                  2,543,396.27              2,544,951.95
         Resource tax                                                              10,522.20                 14,474.20
         Land use tax                                                             150,740.90                142,770.48
         Others                                                                   683,234.14              2,367,070.39


         Total                                                                212,007,136.45            249,244,910.86




                                                                                                                    133
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.30 Other payables

                                                                         As at            As at
                                                                      June 30,     December 31,
           Item                                                          2026             2025
           Interest payable
           Dividends payable                                    827,845,050.11      27,150,969.34
           Other payables                                     2,889,033,814.34   2,253,531,833.20


           Total                                              3,716,878,864.45   2,280,682,802.54


          5.30.1 Dividends payable


                                                                         As at            As at
                                                                      June 30,     December 31,
                   Item                                                  2026             2025
                   Ordinary share dividends                    827,845,050.11      27,150,969.34


                   Total                                       827,845,050.11      27,150,969.34


          5.30.2 Other payables
               Presentation in terms of nature

                                                                         As at            As at
                                                                      June 30,     December 31,
                   Item                                                  2026             2025
                   E-commerce payment business                1,975,473,303.04   1,519,907,130.86
                   Settlement and clearing business payment     700,111,500.08     516,939,204.96
                   Current amounts                              140,403,547.56     165,434,152.62
                   Social insurance and provident funds          37,505,470.38      16,861,399.93
                   Guaranteed deposits and deposits, etc.        35,539,993.28      34,389,944.83


                   Total                                      2,889,033,814.34   2,253,531,833.20




134
                                                                                                     Interim Report 2026




                                                                            NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                       (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.31 Non-current liabilities maturing within one year

                                                                                             As at                As at
                                                                                          June 30,         December 31,
         Item                                                                                2026                 2025
         Long-term borrowings maturing within one year                                                        306,280.00
         Lease liabilities maturing within one year                               137,433,642.27          136,918,637.67


         Total                                                                    137,433,642.27          137,224,917.67


    5.32 Other current liabilities

                                                                                             As at                As at
                                                                                          June 30,         December 31,
         Item                                                                                2026                 2025
         Output tax to be carried forward                                          68,101,590.59           65,291,971.02


         Total                                                                     68,101,590.59           65,291,971.02


    5.33 Long-term borrowings

                                                                                             As at                As at
                                                                                          June 30,         December 31,
         Item                                                                                2026                 2025
         Credit borrowings                                                        482,976,591.11          471,200,000.00


         Total                                                                    482,976,591.11          471,200,000.00


        Note: The loan represents a credit loan obtained by the Company from its parent company in the form of entrusted
              loans, in accordance with the requirements of relevant documents, based on national project funds received
              by the parent company. The principal amount of the loan is RMB482,330,000.00, with a loan term from May 8,
              2025 to May 8, 2028, an annual interest rate of 2.60%, interest payable quarterly, and principal repayable in a
              lump sum at maturity.




                                                                                                                       135
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.34 Lease liabilities

                                                                                 As at             As at
                                                                              June 30,      December 31,
           Item                                                                  2026              2025
           Lease payments                                               107,316,820.32      168,558,151.84
           Less: Financing charges unrecognized                           1,339,334.07        3,592,512.01


           Total                                                        105,977,486.25      164,965,639.83


      5.35 Long-term payables

                                                                                 As at             As at
                                                                              June 30,      December 31,
           Item                                                                  2026              2025
           Long-term payables
           Special payables                                                395,709.35           395,709.35


           Total                                                           395,709.35           395,709.35


          5.35.1 Special payables


                                                    As at
                                             December 31,   Increase            Decrease               As at
                   Item                             2025      in 2026             in 2026     June 30, 2026
                   Item 1                      395,709.35                                        395,709.35


                   Total                       395,709.35                                        395,709.35




136
                                                                                             Interim Report 2026




                                                                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                   For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                   (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.36 Provisions

                                                           As at                                           As at
                                                    December 31,      Increase in   Decrease in         June 30,
         Item                                              2025             2026          2026             2026
         Restoration cost of leased premises          1,156,424.55     29,514.41       44,300.59    1,141,638.37
         Product quality warranty                       526,023.68     20,151.04       64,692.36      481,482.36
         Payment business risk reserve (Note)            20,000.00                                     20,000.00


         Total                                        1,702,448.23     49,665.45     108,992.95     1,643,120.73


        Note: Beijing Yake Technology Development Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Group, accrues payment business
              risk reserves according to its internally issued Yakefa “2020” No. 21 “Payment Business Risk Reserve
              Management Measures”. According to the management measures, The company withdraws a risk reserve
              of RMB5,000.00 every six months, with a maximum limit of RMB20,000.00. The management measures were
              promulgated in July 2020 and will be implemented from the date of promulgation.


    5.37 Deferred income

                                                           As at                                           As at
                                                    December 31,      Increase in   Decrease in         June 30,
         Item                                              2025             2026          2026             2026
         Government grants related to assets
         Government grants Related to Income          1,372,500.00   1,237,735.85                   2,610,235.85


         Total                                        1,372,500.00   1,237,735.85                   2,610,235.85




                                                                                                             137
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.38 Share capital

                                              Changes in 2026 (“+” for increase and “-” for decrease)
                                    As at        New                Conversion                                     As at
                             December 31,      shares      Share of reserves                                    June 30,
           Item                     2025       issued donation into share          Others Sub-total                2026
           Total shares    2,926,209,589.00                                                             2,926,209,589.00


      5.39 Capital reserves

                                                          As at                                                    As at
                                                   December 31,         Increase in      Decrease in            June 30,
           Item                                           2025                2026             2026                2026
           Capital (share capital) premium         840,950,466.11                                        840,950,466.11
           Other capital reserves                  426,517,644.37                                        426,517,644.37


           Total                                 1,267,468,110.48                                       1,267,468,110.48




138
                                                                                                                                                                  Interim Report 2026




                                                                                                                       NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                                                         (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.40 Other comprehensive income

                                                                                                                                  2026
                                                                                           Less: amount                                                             Less: amount
                                                                                              previously                                                               previously
                                                                                          included in the                                                          included in the
                                                                                                   other                                                                    other
                                                                                          comprehensive                                                            comprehensive
                                                                                             income and                                                               income and
                                                                        Amount before          currently                      Amount after       Amount after           currently
                                                                As at    income tax in    transferred to                    tax attributable   tax attributable    transferred to             As at
                                                       December 31,        the current      the profit or   Less: income      to the parent        to minority       the retained          June 30,
         Item                                                   2025           period               loss    tax expenses          company        shareholders            earnings             2026

         1. Other comprehensive income that
                cannot be reclassified into profit
                or loss                                154,533,991.10   375,486,400.00                      56,322,960.00   319,163,440.00                                           473,697,431.10
                Including: Other comprehensive
                              income not
                              transferable to profit
                              or loss under the
                              equity method              3,817,431.10                                                                                                                  3,817,431.10
                          Changes in fair value of
                              other equity
                              instrument
                              investments              150,716,560.00   375,486,400.00                      56,322,960.00   319,163,440.00                                           469,880,000.00
         2. Other comprehensive income that will
            be reclassified into profit or loss        -18,849,153.29    -8,255,122.22                                        -8,255,122.22                                          -27,104,275.51
                Including: Translation differences
                              of foreign currency
                              financial statements     -18,849,153.29    -8,255,122.22                                        -8,255,122.22                                          -27,104,275.51



         Total of other comprehensive income           135,684,837.81   367,231,277.78                      56,322,960.00   310,908,317.78                                           446,593,155.59




                                                                                                                                                                                            139
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.41 Surplus reserves

                                                              As at                                                      As at
                                                       December 31,         Increase in        Decrease in            June 30,
           Item                                               2025                2026               2026                2026
           Statutory surplus reserves               2,689,942,297.22                                         2,689,942,297.22
           Discretionary surplus reserves           2,181,494,476.10     192,077,756.12                      2,373,572,232.22


           Total                                    4,871,436,773.32     192,077,756.12                      5,063,514,529.44


          Note: Pursuant to the resolution of the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders held by the Company on June 26,
                2026, the discretionary surplus reserve is accrued.


      5.42 General risk reserves

                                                           As at
                                                    December 31,          Increase in       Decrease in         As at
           Item                                            2025                 2026              2026 June 30, 2026
           General risk reserves                    15,228,948.37         478,932.27                         15,707,880.64


           Total                                    15,228,948.37         478,932.27                         15,707,880.64


          Note: The general risk reserves are accrued by the subsidiary of the Company Antu Jinxin Commercial Factoring
                Co., Ltd. from net profit, the amount determined at 1% of the balance of risk assets at the end of the period is
                deducted from the amount that has been accrued in the book, in accordance with the Circular of the General
                Office of the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission on Strengthening the Supervision and
                Administration of Commercial Factoring Enterprises (YBJBF [2019] No.205).




140
                                                                                                Interim Report 2026




                                                                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                     For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                     (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.43 Retained earnings

                                                                            Six months ended      Six months ended
         Item                                                                   June 30, 2026         June 30, 2025
         Retained profit at the end of the previous year
           before adjustment                                                14,767,735,851.01     13,489,875,636.21
         Total adjustment to retained profit at the beginning of the year
           (“+” for increase and “-” for decrease)
         Retained profit at the beginning of the year after adjustment      14,767,735,851.01     13,489,875,636.21
         Plus: Net profit attributable to shareholders of
                 parent company                                              1,543,009,578.44      1,447,650,871.75
         Less: Withdrawal of discretionary surplus reserves                    192,077,756.12        170,291,613.33
               Withdraw general risk reserve                                       478,932.27          1,968,015.05
               Common stock dividends payable                                  807,635,980.77        699,364,091.77


         Retained profit at the end of the period                           15,310,552,760.29     14,065,902,787.81


        Note: On June 26, 2026, the proposal to distribute the “2025 Final Cash Dividend” was approved at the annual
              general meeting of the Company, with a dividend of RMB0.276 per share (including tax), with a total
              distribution of RMB807,635,980.77.




                                                                                                               141
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.44 Operating income and operating costs
          5.44.1 Operating income and operating costs


                                                   For the six months                        For the six months
                                                  ended June 30, 2026                       ended June 30, 2025
                 Item                             Revenue                  Cost             Revenue                  Cost
                 Primary businesses      4,100,382,780.68     1,573,446,070.44      3,881,068,480.01     1,601,053,984.38
                 Other businesses           11,741,408.13         5,858,823.54         13,431,467.13         5,471,912.09


                 Total                   4,112,124,188.81     1,579,304,893.98      3,894,499,947.14     1,606,525,896.47


               Details of operating income:

                                                                                       For the                   For the
                                                                             six months ended          six months ended
                 Item                                                            June 30, 2026             June 30, 2025
                 Aviation information platform service revenue
                   (Note 1)                                                   2,352,180,341.32          2,393,266,085.16
                 Accounting, settlement and clearing services
                   revenue (Note 2)                                               453,631,497.71         407,075,372.99
                 Airport digitalization service revenue (Note 3)                  600,390,878.18         418,354,566.18
                 Aviation Travel Intelligent Products and Services
                   (Note 4)                                                       442,185,998.15         384,961,151.39
                 Information network and digital infrastructure
                   service revenue (Note 5)                                       256,527,594.13         281,577,149.83
                 Other income                                                       7,207,879.32           9,265,621.59


                 Total                                                        4,112,124,188.81          3,894,499,947.14


                Note 1: Including “Aviation Information Technology Services”, and “Data service income”, “Logistics business
                        income” within “Other income” disclosed in previous years.


                Note 2: Including “Accounting, settlement and clearing services”, “Payment business income” and “Factoring
                        business revenue” within “Other income” disclosed in previous years.


                Note 3: The name disclosed in previous years was “System Integration Services”.


                Note 4: The name disclosed in previous years was “Revenue from technical support and products”.


                Note 5: Including “Data network service” and “Income from leasing, operation and maintenance service”
                        within “Other income” disclosed in previous years.




142
                                                                                        Interim Report 2026




                                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.44 Operating income and operating costs (Continued)
        5.44.2 Significant contractual changes or significant transaction price adjustments
             None.

    5.45 Taxes and surcharges

                                                                          For the six         For the six
                                                                       months ended        months ended
         Item                                                          June 30, 2026       June 30, 2025
         Urban construction and maintenance tax                        10,178,329.61           9,558,106.89
         Educational surcharges                                         5,661,792.68           5,340,430.26
         Local educational surcharges                                   3,774,528.43           3,593,696.20
         Real property tax                                             23,119,504.75          23,384,335.61
         Resource tax                                                      17,795.40               4,183.80
         Land use tax                                                     287,131.53             280,908.02
         Stamp tax                                                      1,476,595.03           2,537,409.20
         Vehicle and vessel tax                                            46,857.50              44,795.00
         Others                                                            63,722.25              75,888.66


         Total                                                         44,626,257.18          44,819,753.64




                                                                                                       143
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.46 Selling and distribution expenses

                                                             For the six      For the six
                                                          months ended     months ended
           Item                                           June 30, 2026    June 30, 2025
           Labor costs                                     29,757,999.21    28,965,739.74
           Distribution support costs                      -1,882,631.50     7,786,117.94
           Payments of business cost                        1,945,749.71     1,843,953.85
           Expenses for business trips                      2,237,138.30     1,996,741.27
           Business entertainment fees                        920,859.84     1,445,478.83
           Advertising and production costs                   923,103.57     1,320,826.93
           Technical support and maintenance fees             855,076.42       700,540.64
           Amortization expenses of right-of-use assets       239,494.71       283,569.10
           Meeting fees                                        88,347.08       200,353.32
           Depreciation expenses of fixed assets              200,206.56       246,466.28
           Other costs                                      1,275,272.39     1,081,137.46


           Total                                           36,560,616.29    45,870,925.36


      5.47 General and administrative expenses

                                                             For the six      For the six
                                                          months ended     months ended
           Item                                           June 30, 2026    June 30, 2025
           Labor costs                                    395,209,646.78   391,941,391.67
           Depreciation expenses of fixed assets           52,702,449.38    58,817,250.22
           Technical support and maintenance fees          32,861,866.89    50,335,714.06
           Amortization of intangible assets               33,627,520.02    34,232,956.30
           Amortization of right-of-use assets             24,079,986.33    24,041,545.54
           Property management fees of office building     18,179,226.02    11,728,657.48
           Utility costs                                    6,853,561.62     8,711,851.75
           Amortization of renovation costs                 5,243,642.57     8,358,787.37
           Expenses for business trips                      8,237,186.42     8,055,325.67
           Consulting fees                                  3,827,204.23     4,644,347.18
           Other costs                                     15,143,888.63    19,375,246.12


           Total                                          595,966,178.89   620,243,073.36




144
                                                                                       Interim Report 2026




                                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.48 Research and development expenses

                                                                         For the six         For the six
                                                                      months ended        months ended
         Item                                                         June 30, 2026       June 30, 2025
         Labor costs                                                  125,156,060.51      101,479,043.24
         Technical support fees                                        50,742,899.73       53,868,577.70
         Depreciation expenses of fixed assets                         11,591,575.23        5,974,175.58
         Amortization expenses of intangible assets                     3,790,018.80        2,435,826.96
         Depreciation expenses of right-of-use assets                                       2,076,878.48
         Amortization of renovation costs                                  81,480.90          185,174.12
         Expenses for business trips                                      168,697.52           98,829.60
         Other costs                                                      118,888.07          205,343.27


         Total                                                        191,649,620.76      166,323,848.95


    5.49 Financial expenses

                                                                         For the six         For the six
                                                                      months ended        months ended
         Item                                                         June 30, 2026       June 30, 2025
         Interest expenses                                             12,518,253.86        7,799,447.56
         Including: Interest expenses of lease liabilities              5,069,142.57        4,139,975.05
         Less: Interest income                                         50,830,895.66       57,411,998.60
         Gains or losses on foreign currency exchange                   7,136,462.14       -7,682,253.61
         Others                                                           919,875.49        1,388,070.24


         Total                                                        -30,256,304.17      -55,906,734.41




                                                                                                     145
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.50 Other income

                                                                     For the six      For the six
                                                                  months ended     months ended
           Item                                                   June 30, 2026    June 30, 2025
           Government grants                                       1,584,410.20     1,560,380.14
           Withholding of personal income tax fees                 1,692,233.58     2,143,153.32
           Others                                                                     199,511.47


           Total                                                   3,276,643.78     3,903,044.93


      5.51 Investment income

                                                                     For the six      For the six
                                                                  months ended     months ended
           Item                                                   June 30, 2026    June 30, 2025
           Income from long-term equity investments calculated
             under equity method                                  -6,466,936.68    11,043,198.77
           Gains from disposal of long-term investments                               115,292.51
           Income from held-for-trading financial assets during
             the holding period                                   20,462,453.54     8,858,877.99
           Interest income from debt investment during
             the holding period                                    9,806,527.21     8,697,113.52


           Total                                                  23,802,044.07    28,714,482.79


      5.52 Gains from changes in fair value

                                                                     For the six      For the six
                                                                  months ended     months ended
           Sources of income from changes in fair value           June 30, 2026    June 30, 2025
           Financial assets held for trading                       5,032,739.72     3,941,859.78
           Other non-current financial assets                       -813,096.19     5,456,647.07


           Total                                                   4,219,643.53     9,398,506.85




146
                                                                                    Interim Report 2026




                                                              NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                              For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                              (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.53 Losses from credit impairment (“-” for loss)

                                                                         For six           For the six
                                                                   months ended         months ended
         Item                                                      June 30, 2026        June 30, 2025
         Bad debts of notes receivable                              -1,264,668.81         5,637,209.19
         Bad debts of accounts receivable                           17,259,905.07       170,908,026.63


         Total                                                      15,995,236.26       176,545,235.82


    5.54 Losses from assets impairment (“-” for loss)

                                                                      For the six          For the six
                                                                   months ended         months ended
         Item                                                      June 30, 2026        June 30, 2025
         Losses from impairment of contract assets                  -2,167,492.16         2,069,412.78


         Total                                                      -2,167,492.16         2,069,412.78


    5.55 Gains from disposal of assets (“-” for loss)

                                                                                     Amount included
                                               For the six          For the six       in non-recurring
                                            months ended         months ended          profit or loss in
         Item                               June 30, 2026        June 30, 2025      the current period
         Disposal of right-of-use
           assets                                                 2,770,420.98
         Disposal of fixed assets                                   -36,577.12


         Total                                                    2,733,843.86




                                                                                                    147
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.56 Non-operating income

                                                                                Amount included
                                                For the six      For the six     in non-recurring
                                             months ended     months ended        profit or loss in
           Item                              June 30, 2026    June 30, 2025    the current period
           Gains from damage and
             scrapping of non-current
             assets                            1,437,096.40       43,524.37          1,437,096.40
           Indemnities                           338,319.03      600,377.77            338,319.03
           Penalties                             251,000.00      449,500.00            251,000.00
           Others                             13,581,053.02      824,037.59         13,581,053.02


           Total                              15,607,468.45    1,917,439.73         15,607,468.45


      5.57 Non-operating expenses

                                                                                Amount included
                                                For the six      For the six     in non-recurring
                                             months ended     months ended        profit or loss in
           Item                              June 30, 2026    June 30, 2025    the current period
           Donations                          15,312,286.88   12,000,000.00         15,312,286.88
           Losses from the damage and
             scrapping of non-current
             assets                              223,645.68      674,193.13            223,645.68
           Late fee                              -71,982.53      595,653.30            -71,982.53
           Others                                224,368.41      715,405.68            224,368.41


           Total                              15,688,318.44   13,985,252.11         15,688,318.44




148
                                                                                    Interim Report 2026




                                                                NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                               For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                               (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.58 Income tax expenses
        5.58.1 List of income tax expenses


                                                                      For the six         For the six
                                                                   months ended        months ended
              Item                                                 June 30, 2026       June 30, 2025
              Current income tax expenses                         199,180,861.98       223,315,007.29
              Deferred income tax expenses                        -20,547,735.46         5,821,525.29


              Total                                               178,633,126.52       229,136,532.58


        5.58.2 Adjustment process of accounting profits and income tax expenses


                                                                                          For the six
                                                                                       months ended
              Item                                                                     June 30, 2026
              Total profits                                                         1,739,318,151.37
              Income tax expenses calculated at statutory or applicable tax rate      260,897,722.71
              Effect of different tax rates applicable to subsidiaries                 15,987,344.69
              Influence of adjustments to the income tax for the prior years          -95,403,454.37
              Influence of non-taxable income                                             787,073.88
              Influence of non-deductible costs, expenses and losses                      705,034.50
              Influence of using the deductible losses related to deferred tax
                assets unrecognized in previous periods                                  -181,711.95
              Influence of unrecognized deferred tax assets and deductible
                temporary differences or losses in current period                         201,294.79
              Additional deduction for research and development expenses               -4,360,177.73
              Income tax expenses                                                     178,633,126.52




                                                                                                  149
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.59 Earnings per share
          Basic earnings per share
          Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the consolidated net profit attributable to the
          ordinary shareholders of the Company by the weighted average of the Company’s ordinary shares:

                                                                                     For the six                For the six
                                                                                  months ended               months ended
           Item                                                                   June 30, 2026              June 30, 2025
           Consolidated net profit attributable to the common
             stockholder of the Company                                       1,543,009,578.44            1,447,650,871.75
           Weighted average of the Company’s outstanding
             common stock                                                     2,926,209,589.00            2,926,209,589.00
           Basic earnings per share                                                       0.53                        0.49
           Including: Basic earnings per share from
                       continuing operations                                                  0.53                       0.49
                      Basic earnings per share from
                       discontinued operations


      5.60 Supplementary information to the income statement with expenses
           classified by nature
          Operating costs, selling and distribution expenses, general and administrative expenses, research
          and development expenses, and financial expenses in income statement are classified by nature
          and listed as below:

                                                                                     For the six                For the six
                                                                                  months ended               months ended
           Item                                                                   June 30, 2026              June 30, 2025
           Labor costs                                                        1,058,187,747.22              968,205,905.03
           Depreciation and amortization expenses                               461,049,459.03              438,093,585.03
           Cost of sales for airport digitalization business
             (Note)                                                             103,039,371.53              200,791,856.19
           Technical support and maintenance fees                               262,586,275.63              285,497,819.33
           Departure and distribution support fees                              281,311,283.53              307,217,913.89
           Internet usage fees                                                   58,734,006.46               42,630,973.57
           Financial expenses                                                   -30,256,304.17              -55,906,734.41
           Other operating costs                                                178,573,166.52              196,525,691.10


           Total                                                              2,373,225,005.75            2,383,057,009.73


          Note:    Cost of sales for airport digitalization business was disclosed as “Cost of sales of integration business” in
                   previous years;


150
                                                                                        Interim Report 2026




                                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.61 Items of statement of cash flows
        5.61.1 Cash flows from operating activities
             5.61.1.1 Other cash receipts relating to operating activities


                                                                          For the six         For the six
                                                                       months ended        months ended
                    Item                                               June 30, 2026       June 30, 2025
                    Government grants received                           1,505,303.32        2,087,469.23
                    Interest income received from bank
                      deposits                                         39,339,867.23        31,452,713.55
                    Guarantee funds and quality guarantee
                      deposits received                                 8,766,596.15        19,016,906.88
                    Current accounts received                      16,228,170,450.81        67,758,236.51
                    Other non-operating income received                14,174,276.57         1,581,897.45
                    Collections and payments received                   5,522,119.57        36,639,145.96
                    Others                                         64,275,610,794.36    57,500,286,441.22


                    Total                                          80,573,089,408.01    57,658,822,810.80


             5.61.1.2 Other cash payments relating to operating activities

                                                                          For the six         For the six
                                                                       months ended        months ended
                    Item                                               June 30, 2026       June 30, 2025
                    General and administrative
                      expenses paid                                    76,131,174.52       127,511,094.37
                    Selling and distribution expenses paid              5,093,371.36        14,778,224.24
                    Research and development
                      expenses paid                                    59,974,916.14        57,752,209.36
                    Bank charges paid                                     879,585.43         1,647,494.66
                    Non-operating expenses paid                           209,857.05         1,248,578.07
                    Security deposit paid                               6,038,915.53        25,038,429.05
                    Current accounts between entities paid         16,661,574,872.62       381,111,608.09
                    Others                                         63,542,495,085.40    57,237,860,299.43


                    Total                                          80,352,397,778.05    57,846,947,937.27




                                                                                                      151
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.61 Items of statement of cash flows (Continued)
          5.61.2 Cash flows from financing activities
               5.61.2.1 Other cash payments relating to financing activities

                                                                                                       For the                                    For the
                                                                                             six months ended                           six months ended
                      Item                                                                       June 30, 2026                              June 30, 2025
                      Lease liabilities paid                                                         48,050,794.34                            45,609,797.71
                      External donations (Note)                                                      15,300,000.00                            12,000,000.00


                      Total                                                                          63,350,794.34                            57,609,797.71


                     Note: External donations represent funds are for poverty alleviation.


               5.61.2.2 Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities


                                                         As at            Increase in 2026                           Decrease in 2026
                                                December 31,                                   Non-cash                                  Non-cash
                      Item                               2025    Cash movements              movements      Cash movements              movements   As at June 30, 2026

                      Short-term borrowings   1,288,402,134.97    148,170,522.06         11,350,176.18       935,165,524.98                             512,757,308.23
                      Long-term borrowings     471,506,280.00      11,130,000.00             6,629,840.74      6,289,529.63                             482,976,591.11
                      Lease liabilities        301,884,277.50                                5,195,447.97     48,050,794.34        15,617,802.61        243,411,128.52




152
                                                                                     Interim Report 2026




                                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.62 Supplementary information to the statement of cash flow
        5.62.1 Supplementary information to the statement of cash flows

                                                                       For the six          For the six
                                                                    months ended         months ended
         Supplementary information                                  June 30, 2026        June 30, 2025
         1. Net profit adjusted to cash flows from
               operating activities
            Net profit                                            1,560,685,024.85     1,448,783,365.84
            Plus: Provisions for impairment of assets                 2,167,492.16        -2,069,412.78
                  Losses from credit impairment                     -15,995,236.26      -176,545,235.82
                  Depreciation expenses of fixed assets             191,184,952.45       134,933,480.63
                  Amortization of right-of-use assets                68,640,333.81        52,806,400.06
                  Amortization of intangible assets                 197,403,518.91       240,012,052.52
                  Amortization of long-term deferred
                     expenses                                         6,878,637.86        10,568,285.60
                  Losses from disposal of fixed assets,
                     intangible assets and other long-term
                     assets (“-” for gains)                                               -2,733,843.86
                  Losses from scrapping of fixed assets
                     (“-” for gains)                                 -1,213,450.72         -630,668.76
                  Losses from changes in fair value
                     (“-” for gains)                                 -4,219,643.53        -9,398,506.85
                  Financial expenses (“-” for gains)                 12,758,578.14        12,189,551.55
                  Investment losses (“-” for gains)                 -23,802,044.07       -28,714,482.79
                  Decreases in deferred tax assets
                     (“-” for increases)                            -21,330,699.97         5,015,144.35
                  Increases in deferred tax liabilities
                     (“-” for decreases)                               399,291.41          7,359,283.95
                  Decreases in inventories
                     (“-” for increases)                            -78,140,067.61       -26,269,148.88
                  Decreases in operating receivables
                     (“-” for increases)                          3,992,807,176.98    -1,179,032,247.51
                  Increases in operating payables
                     (“-” for decreases)                         -3,452,524,748.52      828,477,528.35
                  Others
            Net cash flow from operating activities               2,435,699,115.89     1,314,751,545.60
         2. Significant investing and financing activities not
              involving cash receipts and payments
            Debt transferred into capital
            Convertible corporate bonds maturing within
              one year
            Acquisition of right-of-use assets by
              assumption of lease liabilities
         3. Net change in cash and cash equivalents
            Ending balance of cash                                8,829,750,013.72     6,621,212,164.01
            Less: Beginning balance of cash                      10,017,949,085.85    10,507,711,480.03
            Plus: Ending balance of cash equivalents
            Less: Beginning balance of cash equivalents
            Net increase in cash and cash equivalents            -1,188,199,072.13    -3,886,499,316.02



                                                                                                   153
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.62 Supplementary information to the statement of cash flow (Continued)
          5.62.2 Breakdowns of cash and cash equivalents


                                                                              As at                  As at
                                                                           June 30,           December 31,
                 Item                                                         2026                   2025
                 I. Cash                                           8,829,750,013.72       10,017,949,085.85
                      Including: Cash on hand                              1,185.56                1,132.61
                                 Unrestricted digital currency         1,402,446.23            3,072,386.73
                                 Unrestricted bank deposit         8,820,244,275.35        9,966,728,037.74
                                 Unrestricted other monetary
                                   asset                               8,102,106.58           48,147,528.77
                 II. Cash equivalents
                      Including: Bond investments maturing
                                    within three months
                 III. Ending balance of cash and
                        cash equivalents                           8,829,750,013.72       10,017,949,085.85
                      Including: Cash and cash equivalents with
                                  restricted use right by parent
                                  company or subsidiaries of the
                                  Group


               Restricted use but still presented as cash and cash equivalents:

                                                                        As at
                                                                     June 30,     Reasons for cash and
                 Item                                                   2026      cash equivalents
                 People’s Bank of China customer             1,979,879,740.34     Ready to be used for
                   provisions                                                       the settlement of daily
                                                                                    operations of the payer


                 Total                                       1,979,879,740.34




154
                                                                                     Interim Report 2026




                                                                NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                               For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                               (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.62 Supplementary information to the statement of cash flow (Continued)
        5.62.2 Breakdowns of cash and cash equivalents (Continued)
             Monetary funds not classified as cash and cash equivalents:

                                                  As at             As at
                                               June 30,      December 31,     Reasons for not being
                Item                              2026              2025      cash and cash equivalents
                Performance bond          28,375,378.40       39,158,809.89   Restricted and unable to
                                                                                use
                Payment Gateway              507,427.23         507,298.99    Restricted and unable to
                  Margin                                                        use
                Others                     1,401,500.00        1,402,300.00   Restricted and unable to
                                                                                use


                Total                     30,285,105.63       41,068,408.88   –


    5.63 Foreign currency monetary items

                                         Foreign currency                             Converted RMB
                                         balance at end of                             balance at the
         Item                                       period        Exchange rate      end of the period
         Cash and bank balances                                                        308,315,443.94
         Including: USD                     30,293,479.42                  6.8109      206,325,858.98
                    EUR                      1,214,214.55                  7.7671        9,430,925.83
                    HKD                    102,019,199.28                  0.8686       88,613,876.49
                    Other Currencies       120,644,759.02                                3,944,782.64


         Accounts receivable                                                           352,831,275.65
         Including: USD                     23,991,591.18                  6.8109      163,404,328.37
                    EUR                      4,235,212.60                  7.7671       32,895,319.79
                    HKD                    178,031,984.45                  0.8686      154,638,581.69
                    Other Currencies           527,663.20                                1,893,045.80




                                                                                                   155
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.64 Lease
          5.64.1 The company as the lessee


                                                                          For the six       For the six
                                                                       months ended      months ended
                 Items                                                 June 30, 2026     June 30, 2025
                 Interest expense arising from lease liabilities        7,068,473.91       4,139,975.05
                 Short-term lease expenses that are simplified
                    treated to the cost of related assets or current
                    profits and losses                                    281,943.78          56,123.90
                 Lease expenses for low value assets that are
                    simplified treated to the cost of related assets
                    or current profits and losses (exclude short-
                    term lease for low value assets)                       73,003.70          77,113.76
                 Cash outflows in relation to lease                    53,819,857.15      45,754,871.61


               The company’s anticipated cash outflows from leases in future years, committed but not
               commenced, are as follows:

                                                                                          Undiscounted
                 Remaining lease terms                                                  lease payments
                 Within 1 year                                                          127,306,401.67
                 1 – 2 year                                                             100,800,452.21
                 2 – 3 year                                                               2,353,171.48
                 Over 3 years                                                               732,423.22


                 Total                                                                  231,192,448.58




156
                                                                                      Interim Report 2026




                                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.64 Lease (Continued)
        5.64.2 The company as the lessor
             Operating lease

                                                                      For the six            For the six
                                                                   months ended           months ended
                                                                   June 30, 2026          June 30, 2025
              Income from operating leases                          13,198,168.85         14,412,037.48
              Including: Income related to variable lease
                           payments not included in lease
                           receipts


             Undiscounted lease receipts to be received after the balance sheet date are as follows:

                                                                      For the six            For the six
                                                                   months ended           months ended
              Remaining lease terms                                June 30, 2026          June 30, 2025
              Within 1 year                                         21,000,391.11         22,189,543.98
              1 – 2 year                                            19,807,483.11         20,091,960.44
              2 – 3 year                                            19,316,860.31         19,431,592.82
              3 – 4 year                                             3,393,267.69         19,130,176.80
              4 – 5 year                                             1,638,536.74          3,090,175.98
              Over 5 years                                             411,179.48          6,041,450.16


              Total                                                 65,567,718.44         89,974,900.18


    5.65 Data resources
        5.65.1 Data resource assessment status
             None.

        5.65.2 Other data resource-related information
             None.




                                                                                                       157
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


6     RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENDITURES
      6.1 Research and development expenditures

                                                                    For the             For the
                                                          six months ended    six months ended
           Item                                               June 30, 2026       June 30, 2025
           Labor costs                                      153,274,328.32      128,860,782.55
           Depreciation and Amortization expenses            17,017,810.00       10,672,055.14
           Technical support and fees                       104,417,625.35       82,687,301.04
           Others                                               473,866.11          324,400.66


           Total                                            275,183,629.78      222,544,539.39


           Including: Expensed R&D expenditure              191,649,620.76      166,323,848.95
                      Capitalized R&D expenditure            83,534,009.02       56,220,690.44




158
                                                                                                     Interim Report 2026




                                                                            NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                        (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


6   RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENDITURES (CONTINUED)
    6.2 Development expenditures

                                                  Increase in 2026                 Decrease in 2026
                                  As at         Internal                    Recognized as
                           December 31,     development                      an intangible                             As at
        Item                      2025      expenditures           Others            asset          Others    June 30, 2026
        Item 1              47,520,568.89                                    5,028,001.70                     42,492,567.19
        Item 2              47,874,580.73      -19,676.29                    4,085,566.89                     43,769,337.55
        Item 3              64,437,023.53   31,326,164.99                                                     95,763,188.52
        Item 4              15,408,895.22       12,022.15                                                     15,420,917.37
        Item 5               4,159,530.48    1,692,460.04                                                      5,851,990.52
        Item 6              26,686,709.51   27,471,285.07                                                     54,157,994.58
        Item 7                              13,275,991.74                                                     13,275,991.74
        Item 8                               2,529,450.01                                                      2,529,450.01
        Item 9               1,488,293.83                                    1,488,293.83
        Item 10              1,046,412.71                                    1,046,412.71
        Item 11              1,667,773.46                                    1,667,773.46
        Item 12                942,366.84                                      942,366.84
        Item 13              1,465,820.78                                    1,465,820.78
        Item 14              4,496,112.17      167,024.07                                                      4,663,136.24
        Item 15             10,211,917.30    7,079,287.24                                       788,022.62    16,503,181.92
        Subtotal           227,406,005.45   83,534,009.02                   15,724,236.21       788,022.62   294,427,755.64


        Less: Provisions
          for impairment


        Total              227,406,005.45   83,534,009.02                   15,724,236.21       788,022.62   294,427,755.64




                                                                                                                       159
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


6     RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENDITURES (CONTINUED)
      6.2 Development expenditures (Continued)
          6.2.1 The situation of important capitalized R&D projects


                                                                                                                   The point at which The specific basis for determining
                           End-of-period                  Estimated         How economic benefits are              the capitalization the point at which capitalization
                 Item      R&D progress                   completion time   expected to arise                      begins             begins
                 Item 1    Project closure                July, 2026        Formation of corresponding products,   September, 2023     Start capitalisation with company
                                                                               subsequent market entry                                    project approval.
                 Item 2    Project closure                July, 2026        Formation of corresponding products,   January, 2025       Start capitalisation with company
                                                                               subsequent market entry                                    project approval.
                 Item 3    The R&D progress is            December, 2027    Formation of corresponding products,   February, 2025      Start capitalisation with company
                              approximately 56.96%.                            subsequent market entry                                    project approval.
                 Item 4    Overall progress has reached   December, 2026    Formation of corresponding products,   February, 2025      Start capitalisation with company
                              100%.                                            subsequent market entry                                    project approval.
                 Item 5    Overall progress has reached   December, 2026    Formation of corresponding products,   April, 2025         Start capitalisation with company
                              100%.                                            subsequent market entry                                    project approval.
                 Item 6    Overall progress has reached   July, 2026        Formation of corresponding products,   September, 2025     Start capitalisation with company
                              100%.                                            subsequent market entry                                    project approval.
                 Item 7    The R&D progress is            December, 2026    Formation of corresponding products,   June 2026           Start capitalisation with company
                              approximately 30.44%.                            subsequent market entry                                    project approval.
                 Item 8    The R&D progress is            December, 2026    Formation of corresponding products,   June 2026           Start capitalisation with company
                              approximately 4.26%.                             subsequent market entry                                    project approval.
                 Item 14   The R&D progress is            December, 2027    Formation of corresponding products,   October 2024        Start capitalisation with company
                              approximately 81.71%.                            subsequent market entry                                    project approval.
                 Item 15   Ready for production           December, 2026    Formation of corresponding products,   January 2025        Start capitalisation with company
                              acceptance                                       subsequent market entry                                    project approval.




160
                                                                                                                                                                   Interim Report 2026




                                                                                                                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                                                    (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


7   CHANGE OF THE CONSOLIDATION SCOPE
    There was no change in the consolidation scope during the period.


8   EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES
    8.1 Equity in the subsidiaries Equity in joint venture arrangements or
        associates
         8.1.1 Structure of the enterprise group


                                                 Principal place
                                                 of business
                                                 operation and                                  Registered                                                        Shareholding ratio (%) Way of
               Name of subsidiary                registration       Business type                  capital Nature of Business                                     Directly   Indirectly acquisition

               Chongqing Civil Aviation Cares    Chongqing, China Limited liability               1,480.00 Provision of electronic travel distribution, airport      51.00              Investment
                 Information Technology Co.,                           company (state-                         passenger processing and cargo management
                 Ltd.                                                  owned holding)                          services; and sales and installation of related
                                                                                                               information systems
               Hunan TravelSky Technology        Changsha, China Limited liability                3,000.00 Planning and construction, operation                    100.00               Investment
                 Limited                                               company (sole                           management, technical support, product
                                                                       proprietorship                          development and e-commerce of computer
                                                                       invested or controlled                  reservation, departure and freight
                                                                       by a non-natural                        transportation and other application systems
                                                                       person)
               Xi’an Civil Aviation Cares        Xi’an, China       Limited liability             1,500.00 Computer software and hardware development                51.00              Investment
                 Technology Co., Ltd.                                 company                                  and data network services
               Hubei Civil Aviation Cares Co.,   Wuhan, China       Other limited liability       1,500.00 Provision of electronic travel distribution, airport      62.50        7.68 Investment
                 Ltd.                                                 companies                                passenger processing and cargo management
                                                                                                               services; and sales and installation of related
                                                                                                               information systems
               Civil Aviation Cares Technology Urumqi, China        Limited        liability      1,000.00 Computer software and hardware development                51.00              Investment
                 of Xinjiang Co., Ltd.                                company (state-                          and data network services
                                                                      owned holding)
               Shenzhen Civil Aviation Cares     Shenzhen, China    limited liability company     6,100.00 Provision of e-tourism distribution and freight           61.47              Investment
                 Co., Ltd.                                                                                     management services; and the sale and
                                                                                                               installation of relevant information systems
               Shanghai TravelSky Technology     Shanghai, China    Limited liability                 400 Computer software and hardware development               100.00               Investment
                 Limited                                              company (sole                            and data network services
                                                                      proprietorship
                                                                      invested or controlled
                                                                      by a non-natural
                                                                      person)




                                                                                                                                                                                                  161
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


8     EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
      8.1 Equity in the subsidiaries Equity in joint venture arrangements or
          associates (Continued)
          8.1.1 Structure of the enterprise group (Continued)


                                                  Principal place
                                                  of business
                                                  operation and                                  Registered                                                        Shareholding ratio (%) Way of
                 Name of subsidiary               registration      Business type                   capital Nature of Business                                     Directly   Indirectly acquisition

                 Xiamen Civil Aviation Cares      Xiamen, China     other limited liability        2,000.00 Computer software and hardware development                51.00              Investment
                   Co., Ltd.                                           companies                                and data network services
                 Qingdao Civil Aviation Cares     Qingdao, China    other limited liability        5,000.00 Computer software and hardware development                51.00              Investment
                   Co., Ltd.                                           companies                                and data network services
                 Hainan Civil Aviation Cares      Haikou, China     other limited liability        1,000.00 Provision of e-tourism distribution and freight           68.94              Investment
                   Co., Ltd.                                           companies                                management services; and the sale and
                                                                                                                installation of relevant information systems
                 Guangzhou TravelSky Technology Guangzhou,          Limited liability             40,000.00 Computer software and hardware development              100.00               Investment
                   Limited                        China                company (sole                            and data network services
                                                                       proprietorship)
                 China Aviation Accounting        Beijing, China    Limited liability             75,978.52 Settlement, liquidation services and related            100.00               Investment
                   Co., Ltd.                      Tianjin, China       company (sole                            information system development and support
                                                                       proprietorship)                          services
                 Beijing Yake Technology Beijing, China             Limited        liability      15,612.16 Technology promotion service, computer software         100.00               Investment
                   Development Co., Ltd.                               company           (sole                  technology development, computer system
                                                                       proprietorship)                          engineering design and installation
                 Antu Jinxin Commercial Beijing, China              Limited        liability      30,000.00 Provision of trade financing in the form of             100.00               Investment
                   Factoring Co., Ltd.            Tianjin, China       company           (sole                  transferring accounts receivable; receipt,
                                                                       proprietorship)                          payment, settlement, management and
                                                                                                                collection of accounts receivable; management
                                                                                                                of sales sub-account (ledger); customer credit
                                                                                                                investigation and evaluation; related consulting
                                                                                                                services; other businesses permitted by laws
                                                                                                                and regulations
                 Infosky Information Technology   Beijing, China    Limited liability             $2,548.00 Provision of freight management services and              94.62        5.38 Investment
                   Co., Ltd.                                           company (Sino-                           related software and technology development;
                                                                       foreign joint venture)                   provision of technical support, training and
                                                                                                                information services




162
                                                                                                                                                             Interim Report 2026




                                                                                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


8   EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
    8.1 Equity in the subsidiaries Equity in joint venture arrangements or
        associates (Continued)
       8.1.1 Structure of the enterprise group (Continued)


                                               Principal place
                                               of business
                                               operation and                                 Registered                                                     Shareholding ratio (%) Way of
             Name of subsidiary                registration      Business type                  capital Nature of Business                                  Directly   Indirectly acquisition

             TravelSky Cares (Beijing) Real    Beijing, China    Limited liability             1,000.00 Real estate development and sales, self-             100.00               Investment
               Estate Co., Ltd.                                     company (sole                          developed commercial housing contracting,
                                                                    proprietorship)                        labor service subcontracting and investment
                                                                                                           management
             Beijing TravelSky Travel Agency   Beijing, China    Limited liability             7,200.00 Domestic travel business and inbound travel          100.00               Investment
               Co., Ltd.                                            company (sole                          business
                                                                    proprietorship)
             Travelsky Yunzhi Technology       Beijing, China    Limited liability             5,000.00 Computer system services, data processing,           100.00               Investment
               (Beijing) Co., Ltd.                                  company (sole                          computer and communication equipment
                                                                    proprietorship)                        leasing, technical services and technical
                                                                                                           consulting
             Inner Mongolia TravelSky          Hohhot, China     Limited liability                 500 Computer and auxiliary equipment, sales,              100.00               Investment
               Technology Limited                                   company (sole                          leasing, maintenance and technical consulting;
                                                                    proprietorship                         computer system services and tourist
                                                                    invested or controlled                 information consulting
                                                                    by a non-natural
                                                                    person)
             Zhejiang TravelSky Technology     Hangzhou, China Limited liability               3,734.73 Contracting of computer software and hardware          51.00              Business
               Limited                                              company (foreign-                      engineering, airport air traffic control                                  combination
                                                                    invested enterprise                    engineering and building weak current system                              under
                                                                    and domestic-funded                    engineering, and computer software and                                    common
                                                                    joint venture)                         hardware, sales, maintenance, leasing and                                 control
                                                                                                           technical consulting services




                                                                                                                                                                                            163
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


8     EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
      8.1 Equity in the subsidiaries Equity in joint venture arrangements or
          associates (Continued)
          8.1.1 Structure of the enterprise group (Continued)


                                                    Principal place
                                                    of business
                                                    operation and                                  Registered                                                   Shareholding ratio (%) Way of
                 Name of subsidiary                 registration      Business type                   capital Nature of Business                                Directly   Indirectly acquisition

                 Henan TravelSky Technology         Zhengzhou,        Limited liability              1,000.00 Contracting of computer software and hardware      100.00               Investment
                   Limited                          China                company (sole                           engineering projects; technical consultation
                                                                         proprietorship                          and service; system integration
                                                                         invested or controlled
                                                                         by a non-natural
                                                                         person)
                 Beijing TravelSky Technology Beijing, China          Limited liability company      5,001.00 Technology development, technology services,       100.00               Investment
                   Limited                                               (sole proprietorship)                   and technology transfer; sales of computers,
                                                                                                                 software and auxiliary equipment
                 Guangzhou Skyecho Information      Guangzhou,        other limited liability            200 Software and information technology services          51.00              Business
                   Technology Co., Ltd.             China                companies                                                                                                       combination
                                                                                                                                                                                         not under
                                                                                                                                                                                         common
                                                                                                                                                                                         control
                 TravelSky Digital Intelligence     Beijing, China    Limited liability              5,000.00 Technology development, technology consulting,     100.00               Investment
                   Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.                        company (sole                           technology services, technology transfer,
                                                                         proprietorship)                         technology promotion and software
                                                                                                                 development
                 China TravelSky International      Hong Kong,        Sole proprietorship         HK$1,236.00 Commercial services                                100.00               Investment
                   Limited                          China
                 TravelSky Technology (Singapore) Singapore           Sole proprietorship          S$7,158.08 Hardware consulting and system consulting          100.00               Investment
                   Pte. Ltd.
                 OpenJaw Technologies Limited       Dublin, Ireland   Sole proprietorship             €25.21 Technology service and technology support           100.00               Business
                                                                                                                                                                                        combination
                                                                                                                                                                                        not under
                                                                                                                                                                                        common
                                                                                                                                                                                        control




164
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Interim Report 2026




                                                                                                                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                                                            (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


8   EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
    8.1 Equity in the subsidiaries Equity in joint venture arrangements or
        associates (Continued)
       8.1.2 Major non-wholly-owned subsidiaries


                                                                                                                                                                                   Dividends
                                                                                                      Shareholding                               Profit or loss                   declared to                                   Balance of
                                                                                                           ratio of                               attributable                 be distributed                                      minority
                                                                                                          minority                                 to minority                    to minority                                   interest as
                                                                                                      shareholders                               shareholders                   shareholders                                        at June
             Name of subsidiary                                                                                 (%)                                     in 2026                       in 2026                                      30, 2026
             Shenzhen Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.                                                                     38.53                    1,741,002.38                                                         165,616,385.67
             Xiamen Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.                                                                       49.00                    2,887,553.45                                                         121,849,019.69
             Qingdao Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.                                                                      49.00                   10,577,035.62                                                          93,469,306.21


       8.1.3 Key financial information of major non-wholly-owned subsidiaries

                                                                          Balance as at June 30, 2026                                                                              Balance as at December 31, 2025
                                             Current      Non-current           Total           Current       Non-current               Total            Current    Non-current             Total          Current        Non-current                 Total
             Name of subsidiaries             assets           assets          assets         liabilities       liabilities        liabilities            assets         assets            assets        liabilities        liabilities          liabilities

             Shenzhen Civil Aviation
               Cares Co., Ltd.         393,411,506.72    47,342,049.60 440,753,556.32     10,838,950.05          68,189.35     10,907,139.40       390,213,055.34   47,822,109.54 438,035,164.88      12,627,001.14            80,403.79     12,707,404.93
             Xiamen Civil Aviation
               Cares Co., Ltd.         231,986,173.93    50,400,769.78 282,386,943.71     32,358,459.05       1,357,015.90     33,715,474.95       227,409,174.87   52,121,956.86 279,531,131.73      36,749,057.00             3,572.20     36,752,629.20
             Qingdao Civil Aviation
               Cares Co., Ltd.         849,843,066.82     9,989,906.01 859,832,972.83 669,079,286.68                           669,079,286.68      687,072,093.34   10,928,231.75 698,000,325.09 528,832,425.92                             528,832,425.92



                                                             Amount for the six months ended 30, 2026                                                                Amount for the six months ended 30, 2025
                                                                                                             Total               Cash flow                                                                             Total               Cash flow
                                                  Operating                                  comprehensive from operating                                  Operating                                 comprehensive from operating
             Name of subsidiaries                       income            Net profit                        income                activities                  income              Net profit                     income                     activities

             Shenzhen Civil Aviation
                Cares Co., Ltd.             35,818,874.31               4,518,656.97             4,518,656.97                 -117,510.39            49,068,130.62           13,625,468.13              13,625,468.13                      279,588.44
             Xiamen Civil Aviation
                Cares Co., Ltd.             36,485,476.04               5,892,966.23             5,892,966.23                 1,199,323.21           31,973,992.88           -1,677,811.51              -1,677,811.51                       51,155.00
             Qingdao Civil Aviation
                Cares Co., Ltd.           258,713,271.48            21,585,786.98              21,585,786.98 154,729,703.62                          36,646,382.31           -9,994,587.12              -9,994,587.12 -41,026,023.13




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 165
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


8     EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
      8.2 Equity in joint venture arrangements or associates
          8.2.1 Major joint ventures or associates


                                                                                                                            Accounting treatment Whether
                                                      Principal place                                                       method of the        Strategic
                                                      of business and                                Shareholding ratio (%) investments in joint for Company’s
                 Name of joint ventures or associates registration place   Business Nature            Directly Indirectly ventures or associates activities
                 Shanghai Civil Aviation East China Shanghai, China        Information System           41.00              Equity method         Yes
                   Cares System Integration Co., Ltd.                        Integration Services
                 Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast Shenyang, China         Information System           46.00              Equity method         Yes
                   Cares Co., Ltd.                                           Integration Services
                 Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport       Harbin, China        Information System           50.00              Equity method         Yes
                   Network Co., Ltd.                                         Integration Services
                 Dalian TravelSky Airport Network Dalian, China            Information System           50.00              Equity method         Yes
                   Co., Ltd.                                                 Integration Services
                 TravelSky Mobile Technology          Beijing, China       Technology Development;      20.66              Equity method         Yes
                   Co., Ltd.                                                 Promotion
                 Yunnan TravelSky Airport             Kunming, China       Internet information         50.00              Equity method         Yes
                   Network Co., Ltd.                                         service




166
                                                                                                                              Interim Report 2026




                                                                                              NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                                    (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


8   EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
    8.2 Equity in joint venture arrangements or associates (Continued)
        8.2.2 Principal financial information of major joint ventures


                                                         As at June 30, 2026/For the six months             As at December 31, 2025/For the six months
                                                                  ended June 30, 2026                                   ended June 30, 2025
                                                         Yunnan        Heilongjiang                            Yunnan       Heilongjiang            Dalian
                                                       TravelSky          TravelSky             Dalian       TravelSky         TravelSky         TravelSky
                                                          Airport           Airport         TravelSky          Airport           Airport            Airport
                                                        Network            Network             Airport        Network           Network           Network
                                                        Co., Ltd.          Co., Ltd.      Network LLC         Co., Ltd.         Co., Ltd.              LLC
              Current assets                      220,929,800.96     62,076,419.50      48,691,747.08    226,099,666.02    57,805,921.45      49,663,066.96
              Including: cash and cash equivalents 6,436,581.05      35,288,702.34      25,551,683.60      6,015,592.80     5,835,028.69      28,260,851.92
              Non-current assets                   37,429,380.26      4,234,043.49       5,369,922.83     41,083,755.74     4,760,406.59       5,597,989.95
              Total assets                        258,359,181.22     66,310,462.99      54,061,669.91    267,183,421.76    62,566,328.04      55,261,056.91

              Current liabilities                  14,376,158.12       3,391,618.00      4,851,507.81     22,229,102.92     3,971,459.01       6,318,181.30
              Non-current liabilities                 168,590.99          53,904.57                          168,590.99        53,904.57
              Total liabilities                    14,544,749.11       3,445,522.57      4,851,507.81     22,397,693.91     4,025,363.58       6,318,181.30

              Minority shareholders’ equity
              Equity attributable to the
                shareholders of the parent
                company                           243,814,432.11      62,864,940.42     49,210,162.10    244,785,727.85    58,540,964.46      48,942,875.61

              Net asset shares calculated
                according to the shareholding
                ratios                             121,907,216.03     31,432,470.22     24,605,081.05    122,392,863.92    29,270,482.23      24,471,437.81
              Adjustment matters
              – Goodwill
              – Unrealized profit from
                internal trading
              – Others
              Book value of the equity investment
                in joint ventures
              Fair value of investments in
                interests in joint ventures for
                which publicly quoted prices exist 121,907,216.03     31,432,470.22     24,605,081.05    122,392,863.92    29,270,482.23      24,471,437.81




                                                                                                                                                     167
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


8     EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
      8.2 Equity in joint venture arrangements or associates (Continued)
          8.2.2 Principal financial information of major joint ventures (Continued)


                                                          As at June 30, 2026/For the six months              As at December 31, 2025/For the six months
                                                                   ended June 30, 2026                                    ended June 30, 2025
                                                          Yunnan        Heilongjiang                             Yunnan       Heilongjiang            Dalian
                                                        TravelSky          TravelSky             Dalian        TravelSky         TravelSky         TravelSky
                                                           Airport           Airport         TravelSky           Airport           Airport            Airport
                                                         Network            Network             Airport         Network           Network           Network
                                                         Co., Ltd.          Co., Ltd.      Network LLC          Co., Ltd.         Co., Ltd.              LLC
                 Operating income                    30,220,505.39     12,901,875.64      15,541,640.81     29,981,036.35     11,025,053.64     15,046,716.15
                 Financial expenses                    -282,786.89       -139,837.11          -6,476.74       -321,966.40       -149,685.43        -21,231.90
                 Income tax expenses                     27,020.00      1,497,636.67          89,095.50        373,266.50      1,065,838.01        122,710.18
                 Net profit                            -971,295.74      4,323,975.96         267,286.49      1,619,690.32      3,197,514.02        -67,540.18
                 Net profit from discontinued
                   operations
                 Other comprehensive income
                 Total comprehensive income            -971,295.74      4,323,975.96         267,286.49      1,619,690.32      3,197,514.02        -67,540.18

                 Dividends received from joint
                   ventures in the current period                                                            2,560,000.00


          8.2.3 Key financial information of major associates


                                                       As at June 30, 2026/For the six months ended            As at December 31, 2025/For the six months
                                                                       June 30, 2026                                       ended June 30, 2025
                                                         Shanghai                                               Shanghai
                                                     Civil Aviation                                         Civil Aviation
                                                        East China          Shenyang         TravelSky        East China          Shenyang          TravelSky
                                                     Cares System       Civil Aviation          Mobile     Cares System        Civil Aviation          Mobile
                                                       Integration Northeast Cares          Technology        Integration Northeast Cares          Technology
                                                           Co., Ltd.          Co., Ltd.        Co., Ltd.         Co., Ltd.          Co., Ltd.        Co., Ltd.
                 Current assets                     311,033,951.11    300,751,420.10     622,126,830.47    337,937,693.18    306,349,847.10    608,712,155.55
                 Non-current assets                 148,997,777.25     97,661,926.86      90,080,541.61    179,269,533.15    100,933,530.35    104,611,010.79
                 Total assets                       460,031,728.36    398,413,346.96     712,207,372.08    517,207,226.33    407,283,377.45    713,323,166.34

                 Current liabilities                131,366,279.32      7,513,417.54     506,061,838.39    184,173,004.21     18,310,339.48    472,884,589.58
                 Non-current liabilities              3,834,817.65      4,969,498.18      28,206,215.52      3,875,150.83      5,178,152.06        470,648.86
                 Total liabilities                  135,201,096.97     12,482,915.72     534,268,053.91    188,048,155.04     23,488,491.54    473,355,238.44




168
                                                                                                                               Interim Report 2026




                                                                                               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                                    (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


8   EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
    8.2 Equity in joint venture arrangements or associates (Continued)
        8.2.3 Key financial information of major associates (Continued)


                                                      As at June 30, 2026/For the six months ended            As at December 31, 2025/For the six months
                                                                      June 30, 2026                                       ended June 30, 2025
                                                        Shanghai                                               Shanghai
                                                    Civil Aviation                                         Civil Aviation
                                                       East China          Shenyang         TravelSky        East China          Shenyang          TravelSky
                                                    Cares System       Civil Aviation          Mobile     Cares System        Civil Aviation          Mobile
                                                      Integration Northeast Cares          Technology        Integration Northeast Cares          Technology
                                                          Co., Ltd.          Co., Ltd.        Co., Ltd.         Co., Ltd.          Co., Ltd.        Co., Ltd.
              Minority shareholders’ equity
              Equity attributable to the
                shareholders of parent company     324,830,631.39    385,930,431.24     177,939,318.18    329,159,071.29    383,794,885.91    239,967,927.90

              Net asset shares calculated
                according to the shareholding
                ratios                             133,180,558.87    177,527,998.38      36,758,704.35    134,955,219.23    176,545,647.52     57,172,358.82
              Adjustment matters                   -40,317,571.00                       190,808,025.63    -40,317,571.00                      184,127,784.80
              – Goodwill
              – Unrealized profit from internal
                   trading                         -40,317,571.00                                         -40,317,571.00
              – Others                                                                  190,808,025.63                                        184,127,784.80
              Book value of the equity investment
                in associates                       92,862,987.87    177,527,998.38     227,566,729.98     94,637,648.23    176,545,647.52    241,300,143.62
              Fair value of investments in
                interests in joint ventures for
                which publicly quoted prices exist

              Operating income                      91,610,970.10    151,003,590.99     240,378,936.41     93,680,628.65    150,989,520.93    161,429,191.05
              Net profit                            -4,328,439.90      2,135,545.33     -60,575,254.77     -4,005,314.55     15,299,090.39    -12,119,774.37
              Net profit from discontinued
                operations
              Other comprehensive income
              Total comprehensive income            -4,328,439.90      2,135,545.33     -60,575,254.77     -4,005,314.55     15,299,090.39    -12,119,774.37

              Dividends received from associates
                in the current period




                                                                                                                                                       169
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


8     EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
      8.2 Equity in joint venture arrangements or associates (Continued)
          8.2.4 Summary of financial information on insignificant joint ventures or associates


                                                                                As at               As at
                                                                           June 30,         December 31,
                                                                               2026/                2025/
                                                                             For the              For the
                                                                   six months ended     six months ended
                                                                            30, 2026             30, 2025
                 Joint ventures:

                 Total investment book value                           48,863,890.85        52,859,952.26
                 Total amount calculated based on the following
                   shareholding proportions
                   – Net profit                                        -7,992,122.85        -8,085,700.99
                   – Other comprehensive income
                   – Total comprehensive income                        -7,992,122.85        -8,085,700.99

                 Associates:

                 Total investment book value                          196,732,257.98       186,487,393.45
                 Total amount calculated based on the following
                   shareholding proportions
                   – Net profit                                        27,389,413.04        29,193,760.72
                   – Other comprehensive income
                   – Total comprehensive income                        27,389,413.04        29,193,760.72




170
                                                                                                                              Interim Report 2026




                                                                                              NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


9   GOVERNMENT GRANTS
    9.1 The type, amount and presentation of government subsidies
                                                                                                                    For the                   For the
                                                                                                                six months                six months
         Items                                                                                               ended 30, 2026            ended 30, 2025
         Income -related government grants                                                                     1,584,410.20                1,560,380.14


         Total                                                                                                 1,584,410.20                1,560,380.14


    9.2 Liabilities involving government subsidies

                                                                  Amount The amount
                                             The amount        included in of other income        Amounts
                                    As at          of new   non-operating      transferred      charged to
                             December 31,      subsidy in      income for            in the   costs during          Other          As at   Asset-related/
         Liability items            2025      this period       the period current period       the period        changes June 30, 2026    income-related
         Deferred earnings                                                                                                                 Assets-related
         Deferred earnings    1,372,500.00   1,237,735.85                                                                   2,610,235.85   Income-related




                                                                                                                                                   171
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


10 RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
      10.1 Risks arising from financial instruments
          The Company is exposed to various financial risks in the course of its operations: credit risk,
          liquidity risk and market risk (including exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and other price
          risks). The financial risks and the risk management policies taken by the Company to mitigate
          these risks are set out as below:

          The Board of directors is responsible for planning and establishing the Company’s risk
          management framework, formulating the Company’s risk management policies and relevant
          guidelines, and supervising the implementation of risk management measures. The Company
          has formulated risk management policies to identify and analyze the risks faced by it. These
          risk management policies specify specific risks and cover many aspects such as market risk,
          credit risk and liquidity risk management. The Company regularly evaluates the changes in the
          market environment and the Company’s business activities to decide whether to update the risk
          management policies and systems. The Company’s risk management is carried out by the Risk
          Management Committee in accordance with the policies approved by the board of directors.
          The Risk Management Committee identifies, evaluates and avoids relevant risks through close
          cooperation with other business departments of the Company. The Company’s internal audit
          department regularly reviews the risk management controls and procedures, and reports the
          audit results to the Company’s Audit Committee.

          The Company diversifies its exposure to financial instruments through an appropriately
          diversified portfolio of investments and businesses, and reduces the risk of concentration in a
          single industry, a specific region or a specific counterparty by formulating corresponding risk
          management policies.

          10.1.1 Credit risk
               Credit risk refers to the risk of financial loss to the Company caused by the counterparty’s
               failure to perform its contractual obligations.

               The Company’s credit risk arises mainly from cash and cash equivalents, notes receivable,
               accounts receivable, contract assets, other receivables, and debt instruments that are
               not included in the scope of impairment assessment and are measured at fair value and
               whose changes are included in current profit and loss Investments and derivative financial
               assets, etc. On the balance sheet date, the book value of the company’s financial assets has
               represented its maximum credit risk exposure.

               The Company’s cash and cash equivalents are mainly bank deposits placed with reputable
               state-owned banks and other large and medium-sized listed banks with high credit ratings,
               which the Company believes that they have no significant credit risk and will almost never
               incur significant losses due to bank’s defaults.




172
                                                                                                                           Interim Report 2026




                                                                                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                               (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


10 RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   10.1 Risks arising from financial instruments (Continued)
       10.1.1 Credit risk (Continued)
             In addition, for notes receivable, accounts receivable, receivables financing, contract assets
             and other receivables, etc. the Company has set the relevant policies to control credit
             risk exposure. The Company, based on the customers’ financial positions, the possibility
             of obtaining guarantees from the third party, credit records and other factors such as
             the current market conditions, evaluated the credit qualifications of customers and set
             credit term. The Company would monitor the customers’ credit records periodically; as for
             the customers with bad credit records, the Company would adopt the methods including
             requesting a payment in writing or shortening or canceling credit term so as to keep the
             Company’s overall credit risks within controllable scope.

       10.1.2 Liquidity risk
             Liquidity risk refers to the risk of capital shortage arising when the enterprise performs the
             settlement obligation by way of the delivery of funds or other financial assets.

             The policy of the Company is to ensure that there are sufficient cash for the payment of
             the matured debts. Liquidity risk is under centralized control of the financial department
             of the Company. The financial department monitors cash balance and readily realizable
             and marketable securities and makes rolling forecast on cash flows of the next 12 months
             to ensure that the Company has sufficient funds to repay debts in all cases of reasonable
             prediction. Meanwhile, it monitors whether provisions of the borrowing agreement are
             satisfied, obtain commitments of main financial institutions for providing sufficient reserve
             funds to satisfy the demand for short-term and long-term funds.

             Various financial liabilities of the Company should be presented at undiscounted contractual
             cash flows on the maturity date as follows:

                                                                                 As at June 30, 2026
                                                                                                                            The total
                                                                                                                           amount of
                                  Immediate                                                                          the undiscounted
              Item                repayment Within one year          1-2 years        2-5 years         Over 5 years         contract            Total
              Short-term
                borrowings                    516,310,812.05                                                           516,310,812.05 512,757,308.23
              Accounts payable              1,303,586,539.68    617,283,451.49   249,453,538.78        38,273,945.28 2,208,597,475.23 2,208,597,475.23
              Other payables                2,806,021,451.94     11,474,368.96     7,142,372.54        64,395,620.90 2,889,033,814.34 2,889,033,814.34
              Long-term
                borrowings                     13,361,345.83    493,233,337.61                                         506,594,683.44   482,976,591.11
              Lease liabilities               137,974,495.39    103,109,734.82     3,085,594.70                        244,169,824.91   243,411,128.52


              Total                         4,777,254,644.89 1,225,100,892.88    259,681,506.02    102,669,566.18 6,364,706,609.97 6,336,776,317.43



                                                                                                                                                 173
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


10 RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
      10.1Risks arising from financial instruments (Continued)
          10.1.2 Liquidity risk (Continued)


                                                                                     As at December 31, 2025
                                                                                                                                    The total
                                                                                                                                   amount of
                                     Immediate                                                                              the undiscounted
                 Item                repayment   Within one year         1-2 years           2-5 years         Over 5 years          contract            Total
                 Short-term
                   borrowings                    1,305,045,203.23                                                        1,305,045,203.23 1,288,402,134.97
                 Accounts payable                1,606,531,211.55   454,765,455.16      330,524,905.74     51,800,348.95 2,443,621,921.40 2,443,621,921.40
                 Other payables                  2,178,323,186.22     3,469,303.64        1,064,738.25     70,674,605.09 2,253,531,833.20 2,253,531,833.20
                 Long-term
                   borrowings                      12,761,666.67     12,421,355.56      475,590,013.33                         500,773,035.56   471,506,280.00
                 Lease liabilities                146,010,781.41    133,278,928.90       35,279,222.94                         314,568,933.25   301,884,277.50


                 Total                           5,248,672,049.08   603,935,043.26      842,458,880.26    122,474,954.04 6,817,540,926.64 6,876,484,020.86


               The repayment period of bank borrowings and other financing is analysed as follows:

                                                                  As at June 30, 2026                                As at December 31, 2025
                 Item                                      Bank borrowing     Other financing                    Bank borrowing    Other financing
                 Within one year                            529,672,157.88            137,974,495.39             1,288,708,414.97           146,010,781.41
                 1-2 years                                  493,233,337.61            103,109,734.82                                        133,278,928.90
                 2-5 years                                                              3,085,594.70               471,200,000.00            35,279,222.94


                 Total                                    1,022,905,495.49            244,169,824.91             1,759,908,414.97           314,568,933.25




174
                                                                                         Interim Report 2026




                                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


10 RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   10.1 Risks arising from financial instruments (Continued)
       10.1.3 Market Risk
            Market risk associated with financial instruments refers to the risk that fair value or future
            cash flows of financial instruments fluctuate due to variations in market prices, and it
            includes exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and price risks.

            10.1.3.1 Interest rate risk
                  Interest rate risks refer to the risks of fluctuation in the fair value or future cash flows
                  of financial instruments due to changes in market interest rate.

                  Fixed-rate and floating-rate interest-bearing financial instruments make the Company
                  expose to fair value interest rate risk and cash flow interest rate risk, respectively. The
                  Company determines the ratio of fixed-rate instruments to floating-rate instruments
                  based on market conditions and maintains an appropriate mix of fixed-rate and
                  floating-rate instruments through regular review and monitoring. When necessary, the
                  Company uses interest rate swap instruments to hedge interest rate risk.

                  As at June 30, 2026, with other variables held constant, if the borrowing rate
                  calculated on a floating rate basis increases or decreases by 100 basis points, the
                  Company’s net profit will decrease or increase by RMB1,392,429.90 (December 31,
                  2025: RMB9,840,025.92).

            10.1.3.2 Exchange rate risk
                  Exchange rate risk refers to the risk that fair value or future cash flows of financial
                  instruments fluctuate due to variations in foreign exchange rate.

                  The Company continuously monitor the foreign currency transactions and foreign
                  currency assets and liabilities to minimize the foreign exchange risks. In addition,
                  the Company may also sign forward foreign exchange contracts or currency swap
                  contracts to achieve the purpose of avoiding exchange rate risk. In current period
                  and prior period, the Company did not sign any forward foreign exchange contract or
                  currency swap contract.




                                                                                                         175
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


10 RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
      10.1 Risks arising from financial instruments (Continued)
          10.1.3 Market Risk (Continued)
               10.1.3.2 Exchange rate risk (Continued)
                     The exchange rate risk the Company is facing is mainly from the financial assets and
                     liabilities denominated in US dollars, and the foreign currency assets and liabilities are
                     equivalent to the amount denominated in RMB indicated as below:

                                                           As at June 30, 2026                        As at December 31, 2025
                                                              Other foreign                                 Other foreign
                       Item                      US Dollar       currencies         Total      US Dollar      currencies         Total
                       Cash and cash
                         equivalents         206,325,858.98 101,989,584.96 308,315,443.94 228,798,790.32 84,952,651.33 313,751,441.65
                       Accounts receivable   163,404,328.37 189,426,947.28 352,831,275.65 145,076,467.61 104,319,137.14 249,395,604.75


                       Total                 369,730,187.35 291,416,532.24 661,146,719.59 373,875,257.93 189,271,788.47 563,147,046.40


                     As at June 30, 2026, if all other variables remain unchanged, if the RMB appreciates
                     or depreciates against the U.S. dollar by 1%, the company will decrease or increase its
                     net profit by RMB5,619,747.12 (December 31, 2025: RMB4,786,749.89).

               10.1.3.3 Other price risk
                     Other price risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of financial
                     instruments will fluctuate because of the changes in market prices other than
                     exchange rate risk and interest rate risk.

                     The Company’s other price risk arises primarily from investments in various equity
                     instruments. There is the risk of changes in the prices of equity instruments.

                     As at June 30, 2026, in the case that other variables remained the same, if the
                     value of equity instruments increase or decrease by 2%, the Company will increase
                     or decrease the net profits of RMB18,921,881.61 and other comprehensive income
                     of RMB24,272,600.00 (December 31, 2025: Net profits of RMB18,978,080.68; other
                     comprehensive income of RMB17,889,331.20).

      10.2 Risk management of hedging operations
          The Company has no hedging business.

      10.3 Transfer of financial assets
          None.




176
                                                                                                                   Interim Report 2026




                                                                                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                               (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


11 DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE
  The input value used for measuring fair value is divided into three levels:

  Level 1 inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the
  Company can access on the measurement date;

  Level 2 inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the
  asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and

  Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs that have been applied in valuing the respective asset or
  liability.

  The level of the measurement result of fair value shall subject to the lowest level which the input that
  is great significance to the entire measurement of fair value belongs to.

  11.1 Fair value of assets and liabilities measured at fair value as at June 30,
       2026

                                                                                       Fair value as at June 30, 2026
                                                                    Measurement        Measurement        Measurement
                                                                     of fair value      of fair value       of fair value
        Item                                                            at Level 1         at Level 2          at Level 3              Total
        I. Continuous measurement of fair value
           ◆Held-for-trading financial assets                                        6,019,540,958.90                       6,019,540,958.90
               1. Financial assets measured at fair value through
                  profit or loss                                                     6,019,540,958.90                    6,019,540,958.90
               (1) Debt instrument investment                                        6,019,540,958.90                    6,019,540,958.90
           ◆Investment in other equity instruments                                                      1,427,800,000.00 1,427,800,000.00
           ◆Other non-current financial assets                                                          1,113,051,859.51 1,113,051,859.51
               1. Financial assets measured at fair value through
                  the current profit or loss                                                          1,113,051,859.51 1,113,051,859.51
                  (1) Investment in equity instruments                                                1,113,051,859.51 1,113,051,859.51
        Total assets with continuous fair value measurement                          6,019,540,958.90 2,540,851,859.51 8,560,392,818.41




                                                                                                                                       177
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


11 DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE (CONTINUED)
      11.2 Qualitative and quantitative information of valuation techniques and key
           parameters adopted for items measured at the fair value of Level 2 on a
           going and non-going concern

                                      Fair value as                                              Major parameters
                                  at December 31,     Valuation                                                                Quantitative
           Item                               2025    techniques     Qualitative information                                   information
           Structured             6,019,540,958.90    Market         The applicable time deposit interest rate is determined
             Deposits                                  approach       based on the market exchange rate pricing issued as at
                                                                      June 30, 2026.


      11.3 Qualitative and quantitative information of valuation techniques and key
           parameters adopted for items measured at the fair value of Level 3 on a
           going and non-going concern

                                                              Fair value as                                                      Range interval
                                                          at December 31,                          Unobservable                      (weighted
                                                                      2025                         input value                        average)
           China Merchants RenHe Life Insurance           1,427,800,000.00    Transaction case     Price-to-book ratio                        1.35
            Company Limited                                                     comparison
                                                                                method
           China Mobile Equity Fund (Hebei                1,113,051,859.51    Market approach      Liquidity discount                 10%-35%
             Xiong’an) Partnership investment




178
                                                                                                                                                                                         Interim Report 2026




                                                                                                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                                                          (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


11 DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE (CONTINUED)
   11.4 Analysis on the measurement items measured at fair value of level 3 on a
        going concern, adjustment information between the book value as at the
        end of the last year and the book value as at the end of last period and
        sensitivity of unobservable parameters
       11.4.1 Analysis on the measurements items measured at fair value of Level 3 reconciliation
              items


                                                                                                                                                                                                                    For assets held

                                                                                                                                                                                                                   at the end of the

                                                                                              Current profit or loss                                                                                              reporting period,

                                                                                                                  Included                                                                                       current unrealized

                                                       As at                 Transfer   Included in the                other                                                                                                gains or

                                                 December      Transfer to      from     current profit    comprehensive              Purchases, issuances, sales, and settlements              As at June 30,    changes included

             Item                                  31, 2025       Level 3     Level 3           or loss            income      Purchases Issuances        Sales                Settlements               2026       in profit or loss

             ◆Investment in other

                 equity instruments         1,052,313,600.00                                               375,486,400.00                                                                     1,427,800,000.00

             ◆Other non-current

                 financial assets           1,116,357,687.34                               -813,096.19                                                                         2,492,731.64   1,113,051,859.51          -813,096.19

             Financial assets

                 measured at fair

                 value through the

                 current profit

                 or loss                    1,116,357,687.34                               -813,096.19                                                                         2,492,731.64   1,113,051,859.51          -813,096.19

             – Equity instrument

                 investment                 1,116,357,687.34                               -813,096.19                                                                         2,492,731.64   1,113,051,859.51          -813,096.19
             Total                          2,168,671,287.34                               -813,096.19     375,486,400.00                                                      2,492,731.64   2,540,851,859.51          -813,096.19



             Including: Gains and

                           losses related

                           to financial

                           assets                                                          -813,096.19                                                                                                                  -813,096.19

                       Gains and losses

                           related to

                           non-financial

                           assets



       11.4.2 Unobservable parameters sensitivity analysis
            The non-input observable for other equity instruments is the price-to-book ratio range of
            1.57, which would result in an increase or decrease in fair value of RMB5,261.57 million if
            the price-to-book ratio increased or decreased by 5%.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                         179
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS
      12.1 Parent company of the Company

                                                                                          Shareholding        Voting
                                                                                                ratio of     ratio of
                                                                            Registered       the parent   the parent
                                                                                capital     company in   company in
           Name of parent                                                      (RMB10               the          the
           company             Registration place   Nature of business       thousand)     Company (%) Company (%)
           China TravelSky     Room A2913,          Manage all state-        300,000.00          29.55          29.55
             Holding             Building 5,         owned assets and
             Company             Yuhang Road         state-own equity
             Limited             No. 8 Yard,         arising from the
                                 Shunyi District,    state investments in
                                 Beijing             the group company
                                                     and its investees.


          The Company’s ultimate controller: The State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
          Commission of the State Council.

      12.2 Subsidiaries of the Company
          See the “Note 8 Interests in other entities” for the details of major subsidiaries the Company.

      12.3 Joint ventures and associates of the Company
          See the “Note 8 Interests in other entities” for the details of major joint ventures or associates of
          the Company.

      12.4 Other related parties

           Name of other related party                    Relationship with the Company
           Air China Co., Ltd.                            Subsidiaries of shareholders of the Company
           Shenzhen Airlines Co., Ltd.                    A shareholder of the Company
           China Southern Airlines Co., Ltd.              Subsidiaries of shareholders of the Company
           Xiamen Airlines Co., Ltd.                      A shareholder of the Company
           China Eastern Airlines Co., Ltd.               A shareholder of the Company
           Shanghai Airlines Co., Ltd.                    Subsidiaries of shareholders of the Company
           China United Airlines Co., Ltd.                Subsidiaries of shareholders of the Company
           Hainan Airlines Holding Co., Ltd.              A shareholder of the Company
           Sichuan Airlines Co., Ltd.                     Subsidiaries of shareholders of the Company
           Shandong Airlines Co., Ltd.                    A shareholder of the Company
           CCTS Co., Ltd.                                 Associate company of the shareholders of the Company
           TravelSky Cloud Data Co., Ltd.                 Same ultimate controller



180
                                                                                                               Interim Report 2026




                                                                                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                             (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   12.5 Related-party transactions
       12.5.1 Related party transactions on purchase and sales of goods, rendering and receipt of labor
              services
            Purchase of goods/receipt of services

                                                             Content of related-party         For the six months    For the six months
             Related party                                   transactions                    ended June 30, 2026   ended June 30, 2025
             Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast Cares Co.,    Purchase of goods/                    53,967,711.44        112,928,853.09
                Ltd. and its subsidiaries                    Technology support fee
             Chengdu Civil Aviation Southwest Cares Co.,     Purchase of goods/                    38,256,057.89         32,636,828.86
                Ltd. and its subsidiaries                    Technology support fee
             Shanghai CAAC Huadong Kaiya System              Purchase of goods/                    10,162,273.54         10,684,268.93
                Integration Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries   Technology support fee
             Beijing TravelSky Borun Technology Co., Ltd.    Technology support fee                 7,414,807.94          9,048,380.99
             Xinjiang Hangxin Tianyi Technology              Purchase of goods/                       -76,995.28          5,222,557.34
               Innovation Co., Ltd.                          Technology support fee
             Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.      Technology support fee                 1,588,364.30          3,539,460.20
                and its subsidiaries
             Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport Network Co.,     Purchase of goods/                     2,627,513.21          1,151,960.96
                Ltd.                                         Technology support fee
             Dalian TravelSky Airport Network LLC            Purchase of goods/                        42,955.45            136,027.72
                                                             Technology support fee
             Hebei TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.       Technology support fee                    -2,872.70            140,312.83
             Yantai TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.      Technology support fee                   173,092.59             42,155.66
             TravelSky Mobile Technology Co., Ltd.           Purchase of goods/                     2,054,429.66          3,575,308.54
                                                             Technology support fee
             Air China Corporation Limited and its           Purchase of goods/                     1,117,295.71          3,138,496.67
                subsidiaries                                 Technology support fee
             China Southern Airlines Co., Ltd. and its       Technology support fee                -1,185,259.81          2,708,139.40
                subsidiaries
             China Eastern Airlines Corporation Limited Technology support fee                        161,991.71            872,401.15
                and its subsidiaries
             Hainan Airlines Holding Co., Ltd. and its       Technology support fee                                           1,486.79
                subsidiaries
             TravelSky Cloud Data Co., Ltd.                  Technology support fee                 2,247,315.43          1,101,409.02
             CCTS Co., Ltd.                                  Technology support fee                                       1,164,366.65
             China TravelSky Holding Company Limited         Purchase of goods                         34,285.71
             Sichuan Airlines Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries Purchase of goods                      1,170,968.06




                                                                                                                                 181
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      12.5 Related-party transactions (Continued)
          12.5.1 Related party transactions on purchase and sales of goods, rendering and receipt of labor
                 services (Continued)
               Sales of goods/rendering of services

                                                                          Content of related-party          For the six months    For the six months
                 Related party                                            transactions                     ended June 30, 2026   ended June 30, 2025
                 Air China Corporation Limited                            Aviation Information                  672,695,368.72        552,564,057.31
                   and its subsidiaries                                   Technology Service
                 China Southern Airlines Company Limited and its          Aviation Information                  474,429,274.11        424,200,882.41
                   subsidiaries                                           Technology Service
                 China Eastern Airlines Corporation Limited and its       Aviation Information                  471,485,767.31        494,218,494.35
                   subsidiaries                                           Technology Service
                 Hainan Airlines Holding Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries   Aviation Information                  218,800,340.68        264,068,888.43
                                                                          Technology Service
                 Sichuan Airlines Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries          Aviation Information                  132,105,313.47        145,743,723.03
                                                                          Technology Service
                 Shanghai CAAC Huadong Kaiya System                       Information Technology Service          3,144,331.42          6,638,058.33
                   Integration Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries
                 Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast Cares Co., Ltd.       Information Technology Service             344,277.42            902,661.14
                   and its subsidiaries
                 Chengdu Civil Aviation Southwest Cares Co., Ltd.        Information Technology Service           1,773,282.69          3,300,791.40
                   and its subsidiaries
                 Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd. and          Information Technology Service           1,064,979.94            963,722.80
                   its subsidiaries
                 Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.        Information Technology Service               1,132.08            260,424.12
                 Dalian TravelSky Airport Network LLC.                   Information Technology Service             340,672.07            387,263.74
                 Hebei TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.               Information Technology Service             111,886.78            119,811.33
                 Yantai TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.              Information Technology Service              15,094.36             19,811.32
                 TravelSky Mobile Technology Co., Ltd.                   Information Technology Service          11,756,264.75          7,935,158.67
                 CCTS Co., Ltd.                                          Information Technology Service             794,644.41            182,999.56
                 TravelSky Cloud Data Co., Ltd.                          Information Technology Service             489,355.85          2,023,857.85
                 Xinjiang Hangxin Tianyi Technology Innovation Co., Ltd. Information Technology Service                                 3,934,183.53




182
                                                                                                                                                                                 Interim Report 2026




                                                                                                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                           For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                                                           (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   12.5 Related-party transactions (Continued)
       12.5.2 Related-party lease
            The Company acted as lessee:

                                                                              For the six months ended June 30, 2026                                            For the six months ended June 30, 2025

                                                             Simplified                                                                      Simplified

                                                          treatment of                                                                    treatment of       Variable

                                                           rental costs Variable lease                       Interest                      rental costs         lease

                                                         for short-term     payments                       expenses                      for short-term     payments                               Interest

                                                            leases and    not included                      incurred        Increased       leases and not included                              expenses          Increased

                                       Type of           leases of low-   in the lease                      on lease      Right-of-use   leases of low-   in the lease                        incurred on       Right-of-use

             Name of lessor            leased assets       value assets     liabilities      Rent paid     liabilities         assets      value assets     liabilities       Rent paid    lease liabilities          assets

             China TravelSky Holding   Buildings and                                      18,834,046.19 1,141,911.89                                                      18,300,355.48       1,901,586.72     103,541,759.48

               Company Co., Ltd          constructions

             TravelSky Cloud Data      Buildings and                                      26,993,219.91 3,306,223.77     -2,740,892.35                                    22,796,586.86       1,580,148.24     187,206,393.31

               Co., Ltd.                 constructions

             China Eastern Airlines    Buildings and                                        356,036.70     22,029.30                                                                             35,952.96       2,026,830.78

               Co., Ltd.                 constructions

             China Eastern Airlines    Others                                                11,071.74        685.05                                                                              1,118.05          63,028.73

               Co., Ltd.



       12.5.3 Loans from and to related parties


                                                                                             Amount of
             Related party                                                                money on loan                  Starting date Due date                                Remarks
             Loans from related parties
             China TravelSky Holding                                                      482,976,591.11                 May 8, 2025             May 8, 2028                   Long-term
               Company Limited                                                                                                                                                   borrowing principal
                                                                                                                                                                                 plus accrued interest


            Note: Interest expenses incurred in the current period amounted to RMB6,289,529.63.


       12.5.4 Asset transfer and debt restructuring of related parties
            None.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                     183
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      12.6 Receivables from and payables to related parties
          12.6.1 Receivables


                                                                                    As at June 30, 2026                  As at December 31, 2025
                                                                                                     Provision for                          Provision for
                 Item           Related party                                   Book balance            bad debts      Book balance            bad debts
                 Accounts
                   receivable
                                Air China Limited and its subsidiaries        658,843,531.95        11,596,387.14     488,588,530.51       12,313,825.14
                                China Southern Airlines Company Limited
                                   and its subsidiaries                       628,483,162.59       184,438,119.52     939,277,991.17      184,496,534.62
                                China Eastern Airlines Corporation
                                   Limited and its subsidiaries              1,064,635,458.61        3,412,024.92    1,354,926,814.21        3,383,030.92
                                Hainan Airlines Holding Co., Ltd. and its
                                   subsidiaries                               314,293,501.76        91,226,873.73     322,206,031.66       71,063,666.42
                                Sichuan Airlines Co., Ltd. and its
                                   subsidiaries                               214,326,524.68                          296,143,614.05
                                Shanghai Civil Aviation East China Cares
                                   System Integration Co., Ltd. and its
                                   subsidiaries                                14,347,773.32                           12,975,288.35
                                Chengdu Civil Aviation Southwest Cares
                                   Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries                4,334,900.00                            2,781,100.00
                                Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast Cares
                                   Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries                 331,700.00                              501,050.00
                                Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network Co.,
                                   Ltd. and its subsidiaries                     5,154,690.65                            5,348,410.81
                                Dalian TravelSky Airport Network LLC               881,449.85                            1,365,729.70
                                Hebei TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.        4,754,140.00                            4,700,140.00
                                Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport Network
                                   Co., Ltd.                                          400.00
                                Xinjiang TravelSky Tianyi Technology
                                   Innovation Co., Ltd.                        27,201,485.00                           28,614,232.25
                                Yantai TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.           -200.00                               10,100.00
                                Guangzhou Air Port Air Wing Information
                                   Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                   104,000.00
                                TravelSky Mobile Technology Limited           170,750,517.01                          166,810,903.42
                                TravelSky Cloud Data Co., Ltd.                  9,196,845.66                            9,196,074.59
                                CCTS Co., Ltd.                                    312,192.68                              205,589.74




184
                                                                                                                       Interim Report 2026




                                                                                             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                                    (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   12.6 Receivables from and payables to related parties (Continued)
       12.6.1 Receivables (Continued)


                                                                                 As at June 30, 2026                 As at December 31, 2025
                                                                                                  Provision for                         Provision for
             Item               Related party                                Book balance            bad debts     Book balance            bad debts
             Notes receivable
                                Hainan Airlines Holding Co., Ltd. and its
                                   subsidiaries                             183,869,185.65                        141,666,297.58
                                Sichuan Airlines Co., Ltd. and its
                                   subsidiaries                             204,644,582.50
             Advances to
               suppliers
                                China Southern Airlines Company Limited
                                   and its subsidiaries                                                                    39.90
                                Shanghai Civil Aviation East China Cares
                                   System Integration Co., Ltd. and its
                                   subsidiaries                               9,989,411.53                          8,745,929.93
                                Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast Cares
                                   Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries             1,826,837.01                          1,864,196.61
                                Chengdu Civil Aviation Southwest Cares
                                   Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries            10,005,558.80                         11,216,426.40
                                Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network Co.,
                                   Ltd. and its subsidiaries                   439,515.41                            631,127.60
                                Dalian TravelSky Airport Network LLC                                                 564,000.00
                                TravelSky Mobile Technology Limited             789,000.00                           725,388.00
                                TravelSky Cloud Data Co., Ltd.                4,555,528.82                           333,250.30
                                CCTS Co., Ltd.                                   50,943.40




                                                                                                                                               185
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      12.6 Receivables from and payables to related parties (Continued)
          12.6.1 Receivables (Continued)


                                                                                      As at June 30, 2026                 As at December 31, 2025
                                                                                                       Provision for                         Provision for
                 Item                Related party                                Book balance            bad debts     Book balance            bad debts
                 Other receivables
                                     China Southern Airlines Company Limited
                                        and its subsidiaries                     110,357,825.55                           277,754.42
                                     China Eastern Airlines Corporation
                                        Limited and its subsidiaries             246,656,084.73                        335,039,312.75
                                     Air China Limited and its subsidiaries      830,259,264.77                        534,934,740.91
                                     Hainan Airlines Holding Co., Ltd. and its
                                        subsidiaries                                                                     6,326,038.29
                                     Sichuan Airlines Co., Ltd. and its
                                        subsidiaries                               1,236,660.82                          6,707,097.91
                                     Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast Cares
                                        Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries                                                   2,499,241.80
                                     Chengdu Civil Aviation Southwest Cares
                                        Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries                                                    774,635.91
                                     Shanghai Civil Aviation East China Cares
                                        System Integration Co., Ltd. and its
                                        subsidiaries                               6,264,014.94                          6,246,514.94
                                     Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network Co.,
                                        Ltd. and its subsidiaries                   965,249.60                            965,249.60
                                     Dalian TravelSky Airport Network LLC                                                 284,523.44
                                     Guangzhou Air Port Air Wing Information
                                        Technology Co., Ltd.                          4,691.75                              4,691.75
                                     Hebei TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.      268,201.38                            525,623.18
                                     Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport Network
                                        Co., Ltd.                                                                          279,579.96
                                     TravelSky Mobile Technology Limited           4,451,183.46                          4,501,183.46
                                     China TravelSky Holding Company Limited         482,627.94                            482,627.94
                                     TravelSky Cloud Data Co., Ltd.                2,173,846.92                          2,173,846.92
                                     China Communications Co., Ltd.                6,922,487.21                          6,922,487.21




186
                                                                                                                    Interim Report 2026




                                                                                          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   12.6 Receivables from and payables to related parties (Continued)
       12.6.1 Receivables (Continued)


                                                                               As at June 30, 2026                As at December 31, 2025
                                                                                                Provision for                        Provision for
             Item              Related party                               Book balance            bad debts    Book balance            bad debts
             Contract assets
                               China Eastern Airlines Corporation
                                  Limited and its subsidiaries                 5,335.00                            257,416.66
                               Air China Limited and its subsidiaries      4,349,990.00                          4,454,432.78
                               China Southern Airlines Company Limited
                                  and its subsidiaries                        18,750.00                             29,006.08
                               Hainan Airlines Holding Co., Ltd. and its
                                  subsidiaries                                                                       4,335.36
                               Sichuan Airlines Co., Ltd. and its
                                  subsidiaries                                                                       4,335.36
                               Chengdu Civil Aviation Southwest Cares
                                  Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries               4,118.40                             11,318.40
                               Dalian TravelSky Airport Network LLC                                                 59,949.85
                               Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport Network
                                  Co., Ltd.                                   32,400.00                             32,400.00
                               Xinjiang TravelSky E-surfing Science and
                                  Technology Co., Ltd.                       187,100.00                           191,420.00
                               Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network Co.,
                                  Ltd. and its subsidiaries                   10,140.00                             10,140.00
                               Shanghai Civil Aviation East China Cares
                                  System Integration Co., Ltd. and its
                                  subsidiaries                                35,000.00                           374,466.12
                               Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast Cares
                                  Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries               9,318.75                              5,250.00




                                                                                                                                            187
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      12.6 Receivables from and payables to related parties (Continued)
          12.6.2 Payables


                                                                                                       As at               As at
                 Item               Related party                                             June 30, 2026    December 31, 2025
                 Accounts payable
                                    China TravelSky Holding Company Limited                      968,475.59            968,475.59
                                    TravelSky Cloud Data Co., Ltd.                            15,645,664.31         15,179,263.43
                                    CCTS Co., Ltd.                                             1,653,206.92          1,669,493.71
                                    China Southern Airlines Company Limited and its
                                       subsidiaries                                               20,220.28          3,147,432.21
                                    Air China Limited and its subsidiaries                       573,113.21            781,418.14
                                    China Eastern Airlines Corporation Limited and its
                                       subsidiaries                                                2,374.80           106,543.68
                                    Sichuan Airlines Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries               14,924.28            32,513.95
                                    Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast Cares Co., Ltd. and
                                       its subsidiaries                                       97,658,676.19        157,760,233.59
                                    Chengdu Civil Aviation Southwest Cares Co., Ltd. and
                                       its subsidiaries                                       39,024,586.04         52,584,635.05
                                    Shanghai Civil Aviation East China Cares System
                                       Integration Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries            100,563,981.40        133,686,833.91
                                    Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd. and its
                                       subsidiaries                                           12,492,142.39         16,288,287.40
                                    Xinjiang TravelSky Tianyi Technology Innovation Co.,
                                       Ltd.                                                   15,389,527.56         27,029,076.00
                                    Xizang TravelSky Technology Co., Ltd.                      2,490,864.48
                                    Hebei TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.                    953,319.46          1,847,511.02
                                    Dalian TravelSky Airport Network LLC                         724,298.76          2,909,830.65
                                    Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.           2,904,892.16          2,009,984.94
                                    Yantai TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.                   181,278.45             90,961.89
                                    Beijing TravelSky Borun Technology Co., Ltd.               4,982,523.63          2,902,225.92
                                    TravelSky Mobile Technology Limited                       25,458,913.63         25,926,184.12
                 Other payables
                                    China Eastern Airlines Corporation Limited and its
                                       subsidiaries                                                                  3,671,656.69
                                    China Southern Airlines Company Limited and its
                                       subsidiaries                                            5,443,886.37         25,487,772.54
                                    Air China Limited and its subsidiaries                     7,659,303.18         42,298,389.37
                                    Hainan Airlines Holding Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries     3,953,860.76          1,057,613.01
                                    TravelSky Mobile Technology Limited                          425,600.00            425,600.00




188
                                                                                                                   Interim Report 2026




                                                                                          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   12.6 Receivables from and payables to related parties (Continued)
       12.6.2 Payables (Continued)


                                                                                                           As at                   As at
               Item                   Related party                                               June 30, 2026        December 31, 2025
                                      China TravelSky Holding Company Limited                        539,585.00              7,849,552.71
                                      CCTS Co., Ltd.                                                 483,761.16                439,259.78
                                      TravelSky Cloud Data Co., Ltd.                                                            12,780.00
               Contract liabilities
                                      China Southern Airlines Company Limited and its
                                         subsidiaries                                             89,508,595.99             89,627,437.43
                                      Air China Limited and its subsidiaries                     110,524,216.75            105,058,231.47
                                      China Eastern Airlines Corporation Limited and its
                                         subsidiaries                                            238,366,549.11            238,363,549.16
                                      Hainan Airlines Holding Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries      79,162,361.09             79,019,357.43
                                      Sichuan Airlines Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries             24,412,881.81             24,412,881.81
                                      Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast Cares Co., Ltd. and
                                         its subsidiaries                                            254,716.98
                                      Shanghai Civil Aviation East China Cares System
                                         Integration Co., Ltd                                      2,747,433.10              2,747,033.10
                                      Chengdu Civil Aviation Southwest Cares Co., Ltd. and
                                         its subsidiaries                                            261,320.75                 91,509.43
                                      Dalian TravelSky Airport Network LLC                           339,823.01
                                      Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.               535,849.05               535,849.05
                                      Xinjiang TravelSky Tianyi Technology Innovation Co.,
                                         Ltd.                                                      2,603,773.58              2,603,773.58
                                      Yantai TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.                                                    94.34
                                      China TravelSky Holding Company Limited                      1,179,245.28
                                      CCTS Co., Ltd.                                                 308,863.50               281,841.22
               Current portion
                 of non-current
                 liabilities
                                      China TravelSky Holding Company Limited                                                 306,280.00
               Long-term
                 borrowings
                                      China TravelSky Holding Company Limited                    482,976,591.11            471,200,000.00


   12.7 Centralized fund management
       None.




                                                                                                                                    189
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


13 SHARE-BASED PAYMENT
      None.


14 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
      14.1 Significant commitments
          On April 6, 2020, the Company, as a limited partner, signed the Agreement on China Mobile Equity
          Fund (Hebei Xiong’an) Partnership (Limited Partnership) with China Mobile Capital Holding Co.,
          Ltd. and other companies, by which the Company subscribed for a capital contribution of RMB1
          billion. As at June 30, 2026, the Company made the actual capital contribution (including fund
          management fees) of RMB861,704,161.66. In accordance with the terms of the Agreement, as
          unanimously agreed by the Company and other partners, the term of operation of China Mobile
          Equity Fund has been extended to May 31, 2027.

          Except for the case mentioned above, the Group has no other commitments required to be
          disclosed.

      14.2 Contingencies
          As at June 30, 2026, the Group had no significant contingencies required to be disclosed.


15 POST BALANCE SHEET EVENTS
      None.




190
                                                                                     Interim Report 2026




                                                                NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                              For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                              (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


16 OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS
  16.1 Correction of accounting errors in prior periods
      There were no corrections of accounting errors in previous periods made during the reporting
      period.

  16.2 Annuity plan
      All full-time employees of the Group participate in the basic endowment insurance established by
      the government in accordance with national policies. As at June 30, 2026, the Group contributed
      basic endowment insurance premiums at a rate of up to 16% of the employees’ basic salaries,
      not exceeding the cap stipulated by the relevant government authorities. Employees contribute
      basic endowment insurance premiums at a proportion of their salaries as prescribed by the
      government. Upon reaching the statutory retirement age, employees are entitled to receive basic
      pension benefits monthly. As at June 30, 2026, the total basic endowment insurance expenses of
      the Group amounted to RMB124,078,104.62 (As at June 30, 2025: RMB113,848,446.19).

      In addition, the Group has established an enterprise annuity plan. Contributions to the enterprise
      annuity plan are jointly made by the enterprise and the employees. Employees may voluntarily
      choose to participate or not participate in the enterprise annuity plan of the Company. As at June
      30, 2026, the total expenses in respect of the enterprise annuity plan of the Group amounted to
      RMB50,845,467.54 (As at June 30, 2025: RMB47,250,654.74).

      As at June 30, 2026, the Group had no forfeited contributions available to offset its contributions
      to the defined contribution retirement plans administered by the Group in future years.

      As at June 30, 2026, the Group did not have any defined benefit plans.




                                                                                                    191
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


16 OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (CONTINUED)
      16.3 Segment information
          The Group’s business is mainly located in China. The Group operates business only in one
          industry, i.e., providing aviation information technology and relevant services in China. The
          Group’s revenues mainly come from its related parties and customers in China, and the revenue
          division made by the Group based on major product or service has been presented in Note 5.44.
          The Group did not prepare any segment balance sheet and income statement for period ended
          June 30, 2026 and June 30, 2025.

          Meanwhile, as the Group’s revenues mainly come from China, and its assets are also in China,
          there is no regional segment information presented in the Group’s financial statements.


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      17.1 Accounts receivable
          17.1.1 Disclosure of accounts receivable by aging (based on invoice date)


                                                                               As at               As at
                 Aging                                                June 30, 2026    December 31, 2025
                 Within 1 year                                     3,803,553,580.72      3,655,086,170.24
                 Including: Subitem within 1 year
                 Within 6 months                                   2,650,440,740.82      2,602,710,142.96
                 7 – 12 months                                     1,153,112,839.90      1,052,376,027.28
                 1 – 2 years                                         659,879,013.52      1,246,969,578.14
                 2 – 3 years                                         193,398,631.67        135,796,887.31
                 3 – 4 years                                         240,441,742.19        310,845,019.95
                 4 – 5 years                                          58,577,581.45          9,132,309.23
                 Over 5 years                                        284,318,735.97        278,317,655.61
                 Sub-total                                         5,240,169,285.52      5,636,147,620.48
                 Less: provision for bad debts                       949,748,258.55        963,679,675.81


                 Total                                             4,290,421,026.97      4,672,467,944.67




192
                                                                                                                                                                          Interim Report 2026




                                                                                                                         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                                                      (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
  17.1 Accounts receivable (Continued)
      17.1.2 Disclosure under the methods of provision for bad debts by category


                                                                As at June 30, 2026                                                                         As at December 31, 2025
                                       Book balance                   Provision for bad debts                                   Book balance                        Provision for bad debts
                                                                                       Proportion                                                                                     Proportion
                                                                                                 of                                                                                              of
                                                   Proportion                           provision                                              Proportion                              provision
            Category                    Amount            (%)              Amount               (%)      Book value              Amount               (%)                Amount                 (%)        Book value

            Provision for
              bad debts
              accrued on
              an individual
              basis              797,908,988.52         15.23       498,655,749.94          62.50      299,253,238.58     820,110,133.03            14.55          478,878,763.72             58.39    341,231,369.31
            Provision for
              bad debts
              accrued on
              a portfolio
              basis of
              credit risk
              characteristics   4,442,260,297.00        84.77       451,092,508.61          10.15 3,991,167,788.39       4,816,037,487.45           85.45          484,800,912.09             10.07   4,331,236,575.36


            Total               5,240,169,285.52           —        949,748,258.55                    4,290,421,026.97   5,636,147,620.48             —            963,679,675.81                     4,672,467,944.67




                                                                                                                                                                                                              193
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
      17.1 Accounts receivable (Continued)
          17.1.2 Disclosure under the methods of provision for bad debts by category (Continued)
               Provision for bad debts accrued on an individual basis:

                                                       As at June 30, 2026                            As at December 31, 2025
                                    Accounts    Provision for    Proportion of Reason for              Accounts    Provision for
                 Entity            receivable      bad debts     provision (%) provision              receivable      bad debts
                 Customer 1    241,966,785.90   53,382,142.38          22.06 Poor financial        247,190,566.69   47,507,434.54
                                                                               situation
                 Customer 2    184,398,119.10 184,398,119.10          100.00 Significant           184,398,119.10 184,398,119.10
                                                                               uncertainty about
                                                                               recoverability
                 Customer 3    131,590,068.81 126,816,489.12           96.37 Operating             153,754,954.72 146,065,215.60
                                                                               difficulties
                 Customer 4     67,175,389.36   34,870,718.93          51.91 Significant            71,665,376.40   34,870,718.93
                                                                               uncertainty about
                                                                               recoverability
                 Customer 5     31,252,216.33   17,781,739.87          56.90 Poor financial         24,511,337.63    6,135,134.25
                                                                               situation
                 Customer 6     20,459,050.18    6,160,387.31          30.11 Poor financial         23,392,944.35    3,509,150.19
                                                                               situation
                 Customer 7     20,393,614.28   10,607,251.36          52.01 Poor financial         22,866,265.84   13,231,590.61
                                                                               situation
                 Customer 8     15,617,146.43    5,191,865.16          33.24 Poor financial         19,461,818.54    4,054,530.90
                                                                               situation
                 Others         85,056,598.13   59,447,036.71          69.89                        72,868,749.76   39,106,869.60


                 Total         797,908,988.52 498,655,749.94                                       820,110,133.03 478,878,763.72




194
                                                                                                                          Interim Report 2026




                                                                                          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                                   (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
  17.1 Accounts receivable (Continued)
      17.1.2 Disclosure under the methods of provision for bad debts by category (Continued)
           Provision for bad debts accrued on a portfolio basis:

           Item accrued on a portfolio basis:

                                                                                        As at June 30, 2026
                                                                              Accounts       Provision for                      Proportion of
            Portfolio                                                        receivable         bad debts                       provision (%)
            Accounts receivable from
              third-parties                                         1,574,280,055.03             451,092,508.61                             28.65
            Accounts receivable from
              related parties                                       2,867,980,241.97


            Total                                                   4,442,260,297.00             451,092,508.61


      17.1.3 Provision, reversal or recovery of provision for bad debts in 2026


                                                                                     Changes in the current period
                                                 As at December                        Reversal/          Write-off/                   As at June 30,
            Item                                        31, 2025         Provision      Recovery         charge-off    Other changes            2026
            Provision for bad debts accrued
              on an individual basis              478,878,763.72    19,776,986.22                                                      498,655,749.94
            Provision for bad debts accrued on
              a portfolio basis                   484,800,912.09    -33,708,403.48                                                     451,092,508.61


            Total                                 963,679,675.81    -13,931,417.26                                                     949,748,258.55


      17.1.4 Top five of accounts receivable and contract asset as at June 30, 2026, presented by
             debtors.
           The sum amount of top five of accounts receivable and contract asset presented by debtors
           is RMB2,209,550,262.65, accounting for 41.30% of the ending balance of accounts receivable
           and contract asset, and the corresponding ending balance of allowance for bad debts is
           RMB244,743,755.66.




                                                                                                                                                195
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
      17.2 Other receivables

                                                                               As at               As at
           Item                                                       June 30, 2026    December 31, 2025
           Interest receivable
           Dividends receivable                                       66,269,100.00         51,786,700.00
           Other receivables                                         333,885,922.73        295,480,028.38


           Total                                                     400,155,022.73        347,266,728.38


          17.2.1 Dividends receivable
               Details of dividends receivable

                                                                               As at               As at
                   Item (or investee)                                 June 30, 2026    December 31, 2025
                   Xi’an Civil Aviation Cares Technology Co., Ltd.                           4,735,100.00
                   Hubei Civil Aviation Kaiya Co., Ltd.                                      1,125,000.00
                   Xinjiang TravelSky E-surfing Science and
                      Technology Co., Ltd.                            20,000,000.00         20,127,500.00
                   Hainan Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.               9,079,100.00          9,079,100.00
                   Qingdao Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.                                   11,220,000.00
                   Xinjiang TravelSky E-surfing Science and
                      Technology Co., Ltd.                             5,500,000.00          5,500,000.00
                   TravelSky International Limited                    31,690,000.00
                   Sub-total                                          66,269,100.00         51,786,700.00
                   Less: provision for bad debts


                   Total                                              66,269,100.00         51,786,700.00




196
                                                                                                                                                         Interim Report 2026




                                                                                                                NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                              For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                                              (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
  17.2 Other receivables (Continued)
      17.2.2 Other receivables
           (1)   Disclosure by aging

                                                                                                                               As at                               As at
                  Aging                                                                                               June 30, 2026                    December 31, 2025
                  Within 1 year                                                                                       28,998,408.60                                99,276,329.16
                  Including: subitem within 1 year
                  Within 6 months                                                                                      6,530,088.53                              98,321,432.16
                  7 – 12 months                                                                                       22,468,320.07                                 954,897.00
                  1 – 2 years                                                                                        104,156,606.57                              17,817,335.38
                  2 – 3 years                                                                                         64,007,237.46                              36,995,910.07
                  3 – 4 years                                                                                         17,210,566.25                              16,236,274.49
                  4 – 5 years                                                                                          7,377,922.52                               8,978,105.66
                  Over 5 years                                                                                       112,135,181.33                             116,176,073.62
                  Sub-total                                                                                          333,885,922.73                             295,480,028.38
                  Less: provision for bad debts


                  Total                                                                                              333,885,922.73                             295,480,028.38


           (2)   Disclosure under the methods of provision for bad debts by category


                                                                      As at June 30, 2026                                                     As at December 31, 2025
                                              Book balance                Provision for bad debts                           Book balance             Provision for bad debts
                                                                                      Proportion                                                                Proportion
                                                        Proportion                   of provision                                      Proportion               of provision
                  Category                   Amount             (%)       Amount              (%)      Book value           Amount            (%)     Amount             (%)      Book value

                  Provision for bad
                    debts accrued
                    on an individual
                    basis
                  Provision for bad
                    debts accrued
                    on a portfolio
                    basis of credit
                    risk
                    characteristics 333,885,922.73           100.00                                 333,885,922.73    295,480,028.38       100.00                              295,480,028.38


                  Total                333,885,922.73            —                                  333,885,922.73    295,480,028.38          —                                295,480,028.38




                                                                                                                                                                                      197
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
      17.2 Other receivables (Continued)
          17.2.2 Other receivables (Continued)
               (2)   Disclosure under the methods of provision for bad debts by category (Continued)
                     Provision for bad debts accrued on a portfolio basis:

                     Item accrued on a portfolio basis:

                                                                         As at June 30, 2026
                                                                   Other     Provision for   Proportion of
                      Name                                   receivables         bad debts   provision (%)
                      Non-related parties                 129,422,471.42
                      Related parties                     204,463,451.31


                      Total                               333,885,922.73


               (3)   Classification of other receivables by the nature of payment

                                                                                As at               As at
                      Nature                                           June 30, 2026    December 31, 2025
                      Various margin, deposit and loan of
                        reserve fund                                    6,202,651.23          5,880,759.46
                      Intercompany borrowings                         327,683,271.50        289,599,268.92


                      Total                                           333,885,922.73        295,480,028.38




198
                                                                                                                                      Interim Report 2026




                                                                                                       NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                                        (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
  17.2 Other receivables (Continued)
      17.2.2 Other receivables (Continued)
               (4)    Top five of other receivable as at June 30, 2026, presented by debtors.

                                                                                                                                      Percentage
                                                                                                                                   of Total Other
                                                                                                                                     Receivables Provision for Bad
                                                                                          As at June 30,                                  Ending Debts Ending
                         Name of Entity                         Nature of Amounts                  2026    Aging                     Balance (%) Balance
                         TravelSky International Limited        Intercompany              134,941,892.55   Within 6 months、                 40.42
                                                                  borrowings                                 3 – 4 years、
                                                                                                             4 – 5 years、
                                                                                                             Over 5 years
                         Infosky Technology Co., Ltd.           Intercompany               35,357,303.92   7 – 12 months、                   10.59
                                                                  borrowings                                 1 – 2 years
                         Xinjiang Civil Aviation Kaiya          Intercompany                7,803,494.05   Within 6 months、                     2.34
                           Information Network Co., Ltd.          borrowings                                 7 – 12 months、
                                                                                                             1 – 2 years
                         CCCC Information Technology            Intercompany                6,922,487.21   7 – 12 months、                       2.07
                           Co., Ltd.                              borrowings                                 1 – 2 years
                         Shanghai Civil Aviation East           Intercompany                6,264,014.94   Within 6 months、                     1.88
                           China Kaiya System Integration         borrowings                                 7 – 12 months、
                           Co., Ltd.                                                                         1 – 2 years


                         Total                                  —                         191,289,192.67   —                                57.29


  17.3 Long-term equity investments

                                                              As at June 30, 2026                                        As at December 31, 2025
                                                                Provision for                                                   Provision for
       Category                               Book balance       impairment              Book value             Book balance     impairment                 Book value

       Investment in subsidiary            2,066,899,557.32                         2,066,899,557.32        2,066,899,557.32                           2,066,899,557.32
       Investment in associates
         and joint ventures                  707,734,809.13                          707,734,809.13            712,981,968.32                           712,981,968.32


       Total                               2,774,634,366.45                         2,774,634,366.45        2,779,881,525.64                           2,779,881,525.64




                                                                                                                                                                 199
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
      17.3 Long-term equity investments (Continued)
          17.3.1 Investment in subsidiaries


                                                                                                                Increase/decrease in 2026
                                                                                     Balance of                                                                         Balance of
                                                                                   provision for                                                                       provision for
                                                                       Balance    impairment as                                  Provision                             impairment
                                                                as at December     at December     Additional      Reduced             for             Balance as at     as at June
                 Investees                                             31, 2025        31, 2025    investment    investment impairment       Others    June 30, 2026       30, 2026

                 Hainan Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.            10,205,095.00                                                                        10,205,095.00
                 Shenzhen Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.           4,302,941.18                                                                         4,302,941.18
                 Hubei Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.             11,446,825.00                                                                        11,446,825.00
                 Chongqing Civil Aviation Cares
                   Information Technology Co., Ltd.                4,998,000.00                                                                         4,998,000.00
                 Xiamen Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.             1,020,000.00                                                                         1,020,000.00
                 Infosky Information Technology Co., Ltd.        153,820,754.50                                                                       153,820,754.50
                 Qingdao Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.            1,020,000.00                                                                         1,020,000.00
                 Xi’an Civil Aviation Cares
                   Technology Co., Ltd.                            1,020,000.00                                                                         1,020,000.00
                 Civil Aviation Cares Technology
                   of Xinjiang Co., Ltd.                           1,530,000.00                                                                         1,530,000.00
                 Guangzhou TravelSky Technology Limited          400,000,000.00                                                                       400,000,000.00
                 Shanghai TravelSky Technology Limited             4,000,000.00                                                                         4,000,000.00
                 China Aviation Accounting Co., Ltd.             853,519,487.07                                                                       853,519,487.07
                 TravelSky International Limited                  11,364,427.02                                                                        11,364,427.02
                 TravelSky Technology (Singapore) Limited        353,594,927.55                                                                       353,594,927.55
                 TravelSky Cares (Beijing) Property Co., Ltd.     10,000,000.00                                                                        10,000,000.00
                 Hunan TravelSky Technology Limited               30,000,000.00                                                                        30,000,000.00
                 Inner Mongolia Civil Aviation
                   Information Technology Co., Ltd.                5,000,000.00                                                                         5,000,000.00
                 Beijing TravelSky Travel Service Co., Ltd.       72,000,000.00                                                                        72,000,000.00
                 Travelsky Yunzhi Technology
                    (Beijing) Co., Ltd.                           50,000,000.00                                                                        50,000,000.00




200
                                                                                                                                          Interim Report 2026




                                                                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                                      (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
  17.3 Long-term equity investments (Continued)
      17.3.1 Investment in subsidiaries (Continued)


                                                                                                    Increase/decrease in 2026
                                                                         Balance of                                                                            Balance of
                                                                       provision for                                                                          provision for
                                                           Balance    impairment as                                  Provision                                impairment
                                                   as at December      at December     Additional      Reduced             for                Balance as at     as at June
            Investees                                     31, 2025         31, 2025    investment    investment impairment       Others      June 30, 2026        30, 2026

            Henan Civil Aviation Information
              Technology Co., Ltd.                   10,000,000.00                                                                           10,000,000.00
            Zhejiang Civil Aviation Information
              Technology Co., Ltd.                   19,047,100.00                                                                           19,047,100.00
            Beijing TravelSky Technology Limited     50,010,000.00                                                                           50,010,000.00
            Guangzhou Skyecho Information
              Technology Co., Ltd.                     4,000,000.00                                                                            4,000,000.00
            TravelSky Digital Intelligence
              Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.           5,000,000.00                                                                            5,000,000.00


            Total                                  2,066,899,557.32                                                                        2,066,899,557.32




                                                                                                                                                                    201
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
      17.3 Long-term equity investments (Continued)
          17.3.2 Investments in associates and joint ventures


                                                                                                                                        Increase/decrease in 2026

                                                                                                              Profit or

                                                                 Balance of                                     loss on                                     Cash

                                                                provision for                              investments                                 dividends                                            Provision for

                                                                impairment                                  recognized    Adjustment                    or profits                                           impairment

                                                  Balance as           as at                                     under       to other                   declared      Provision                     As at           as at

                                                at December       December      Additional     Reduced      the equity comprehensive Changes in             to be           for                  June 30,       June 30,

                Investees                           31, 2025        31, 2025    investment   investment        method        income other equity      distributed    impairment   Others            2026            2026

                1. Joint ventures

                Heilongjiang TravelSky

                  Airport Network Co., Ltd. 29,270,482.23                                                 2,161,987.99                                                                      31,432,470.22

                Dalian TravelSky Airport

                  Network LLC                  24,471,437.81                                                133,643.24                                                                      24,605,081.05

                Hebei TravelSky Airport

                  Network Co., Ltd.            16,906,374.81                                              1,286,287.47                                                                      18,192,662.28

                Xinjiang Hangxin Tianyi

                  Technology Innovation Co.,

                  Ltd.                         35,953,577.45                                              -5,282,348.88                                                                     30,671,228.57

                Yunnan TravelSky Airport

                  Network Co., Ltd.            122,392,863.92                                              -485,647.89                                                                     121,907,216.03



                Sub-total                      228,994,736.22                                             -2,186,078.07                                                                    226,808,658.15




202
                                                                                                                                                                              Interim Report 2026




                                                                                                                               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
                                                                                          (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
  17.3 Long-term equity investments (Continued)
      17.3.2 Investments in associates and joint ventures (Continued)


                                                                                                                                    Increase/decrease in 2026

                                                                                                          Profit or

                                                            Balance of                                     loss on                                      Cash

                                                           provision for                              investments                                  dividends                                             Provision for

                                                           impairment                                  recognized     Adjustment                    or profits                                            impairment

                                             Balance as           as at                                     under        to other                   declared      Provision                      As at           as at

                                           at December       December      Additional     Reduced       the equity comprehensive Changes in             to be           for                   June 30,       June 30,

            Investees                          31, 2025        31, 2025    investment   investment         method        income other equity      distributed    impairment    Others            2026            2026

            2. Associates

            Beijing TravelSky Borun

              Technology Co., Ltd.        68,340,899.47                                               3,564,347.73                                                                       71,905,247.20

            TravelSky Mobile Technology

              Limited                     26,316,542.90                                              -12,513,636.15                                                                      13,802,906.75

            Shanghai Civil Aviation

              East China Cares System

              Integration Co., Ltd.       94,637,648.23                                              -1,774,660.36                                                                       92,862,987.87

            Shenyang Civil Aviation

              Northeast Cares Co., Ltd. 176,545,647.52                                                  982,350.86                                                                      177,527,998.38

            Chengdu Civil Aviation

              Southwest Cares Co., Ltd 103,706,035.64                                                 5,954,824.98                                                                      109,660,860.62

            Guangzhou Airport Hangyi

              Information Technology

              Co., Ltd.                    7,002,578.66                                                 407,394.67                                                                        7,409,973.33

            Yantai TravelSky Airport

              Network Co., Ltd.            7,437,879.68                                                 318,297.15                                                                        7,756,176.83



            Sub-total                     483,987,232.10                                             -3,061,081.12                                                                      480,926,150.98



            Total                         712,981,968.32                                             -5,247,159.19                                                                      707,734,809.13




                                                                                                                                                                                                            203
TravelSky Technology Limited




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2026
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated.)


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
      17.4 Operating revenue and operating costs

                                              For the six months                         For the six months
                                             ended June 30, 2026                        ended June 30, 2025
           Item                              Revenue                 Cost               Revenue                    Cost
           Primary businesses         3,273,289,549.55    1,231,955,485.99       3,154,638,646.20       1,305,613,931.11
           Other businesses               9,253,508.38        4,121,820.66          10,567,675.68           4,152,025.53


           Total                      3,282,543,057.93    1,236,077,306.65       3,165,206,321.88       1,309,765,956.64


      17.5 Investment income

                                                                              For the                         For the
                                                                    six months ended                six months ended
           Item                                                         June 30, 2026                   June 30, 2025
           Income from long-term equity investments
             calculated under cost method                                31,690,000.00                   1,015,700.00
           Income from long-term equity investments
             calculated under equity method                              -5,247,159.19                  12,262,976.26
           Gains from disposal of long-term investments                                                    115,292.51
           Income from held-for-trading financial assets
             during the holding period                                   20,462,453.54                   8,858,877.99
           Interest income from debt investment during
             the holding period                                              6,971,122.90                8,697,113.52


           Total                                                         53,876,417.25                  30,949,960.28




                                                                             TRAVELSKY TECHNOLOGY LIMITED

                                                                                                      August 24, 2026




204
                                                                                         Interim Report 2026




                                                       CORPORATE INFORMATION
                   (As of the latest practicable date September 4, 2026 before the issue date of this report)



BOARD
The seventh session of the board of directors of the Company established by election by shareholders on
February 27, 2020 comprises:

Jiang Bo                      Chairman, Executive Director (appointed on December 18, 2025)
Sun Minghe                    Employee Representative Director (appointed on June 26, 2026)
Zeng Yongchao                 Non-executive Director (appointed on June 26, 2026)
He Xiaoqun                    Non-executive Director (appointed on June 12, 2025)
Liu Zehong                    Independent Non-executive Director (appointed on September 1, 2022)
Chan Wing Tak Kevin           Independent Non-executive Director (appointed on September 1, 2022)
Xu Hongzhi                    Independent Non-executive Director (appointed on September 1, 2022)

AUDIT COMMITTEE
Chan Wing Tak Kevin           Chief Member (Chairman) (appointed on September 1, 2022)
Liu Zehong                    Member (appointed on September 1, 2022)
Xu Hongzhi                    Member (appointed on September 1, 2022)

REMUNERATION AND EVALUATION COMMITTEE
Liu Zehong                    Chief Member (Chairman) (appointed on September 1, 2022)
Chan Wing Tak Kevin           Member (appointed on September 1, 2022)
Xu Hongzhi                    Member (appointed on September 1, 2022)

NOMINATION COMMITTEE
Jiang Bo                      Chief Member (Chairman) (appointed on December 18, 2025)
Liu Zehong                    Member (appointed on September 1, 2022)
Xu Hongzhi                    Member (appointed on September 1, 2022)

STRATEGY AND INVESTMENT COMMITTEE (LEGAL COMPLIANCE COMMITTEE)
Jiang Bo                      Chief Member (Chairman) (appointed on December 18, 2025)
Liu Zehong                    Member (appointed on January 18, 2023)
Zeng Yongchao                 Member (appointed on August 24, 2026)
He Xiaoqun                    Member (appointed on June 12, 2025)




                                                                                                        205
TravelSky Technology Limited




CORPORATE INFORMATION
(As of the latest practicable date September 4, 2026 before the issue date of this report)



DIRECTOR RESIGNED INCLUDING HIS/HER RESPECTIVE DUTY IN THE
SPECIAL COMMITTEE
Huang Rongshun                  Executive Director, Member of the Strategy Committee (appointed on August
                                5, 2021, resigned on April 13, 2026)
Sun Yuquan                      Non-executive Director, Member of the Strategy Committee (appointed on
                                 January 25, 2024, resigned on June 11, 2026)
Qu Guangji                      Non-executive Director, Member of the Strategy Committee (appointed on
                                January 25, 2024, resigned on June 26, 2026)
Liang Shuang                    Employee Representative Director (appointed on January 23, 2025, resigned
                                on June 26, 2026)

SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Liu Xianqing                    Chief Accountant (appointed on September 29, 2024)
Li Jinsong                      Vice General Manager (appointed on November 14, 2016)
Liang Haifeng                   Vice General Manager (appointed on August 27, 2020)
Du Xiaoming                     Vice General Manager (appointed on June 4, 2025)
Yu Bo                           Vice General Manager (appointed on June 4, 2025)
Yu Xiaochun                     Secretary to the Board (Company Secretary, appointed on March 16, 2010)

SENIOR MANAGEMENT RESIGNED
Huang Rongshun                  General Manager (appointed on September 29, 2024, resigned on March 20,
                                  2026)

REGISTERED ADDRESS
Room A2912, Building 5, Yuhang Road No.8 Yard, Shunyi District
Beijing 101300, PRC


PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
Room 2201-05, 22/F., China Resources Building
26 Harbour Road, Wanchai
Hong Kong


PLACE OF LISTING
The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
Stock Code: 00696


HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Shops 1712-16, 17/F, Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong




206
                                                                                          Interim Report 2026




                                                                                  CORPORATE INFORMATION
                    (As of the latest practicable date September 4, 2026 before the issue date of this report)



DEPOSITARY OF SPONSORED LEVEL I AMERICAN DEPOSITARY RECEIPT
PROGRAMME
The Bank of New York Mellon

Shareholder correspondence:
BNY Mellon Shareowner Services
P.O. Box 43006
Providence RI 02940-3078

Overnight Correspondence:
BNY Mellon Shareowner Services
150 Royall St., Suite 101
Canton, MA 02021
Tel. +1 888-269-2377 (toll-free number in the U.S.)
Tel. +1 201 680 6825 (international)
www.mybnymdr.com


AUDITOR
WUYIGE Certified Public Accountants LLP
22/F, Xueyuan International Building,
No.1 Zhichun Road,
Haidian District, Beijing 100083,
PRC

According to the Financial Reporting Council Ordinance (Cap 588) of Hong Kong effective on October 1, 2019,
WUYIGE Certified Public Accountants LLP engaged by the Company is a recognised PRC auditor.


LEGAL ADVISERS
As to Hong Kong law:
Baker & McKenzie
14th Floor, One Taikoo Place,
979 King’s Road, Quarry Bay, Hong Kong

As to the PRC law:
Commerce & Finance Law Offices
12-14/F, China World Tower 2,
No.1 Jianguomenwai Avenue, Beijing,
PRC




                                                                                                         207
TravelSky Technology Limited




CORPORATE INFORMATION
(As of the latest practicable date September 4, 2026 before the issue date of this report)



CONTACT DETAILS FOR INVESTORS
Beijing:          Board office                              HK:         Public Relations Consultant
Postal address:   TravelSky High-Tech Industrial Park,                  Ever Bloom (HK) Communications
                  Houshayu Town, Shunyi District,                         Consultants Group Limited
                  Beijing 101300, PRC                                   10/F, 80 Gloucester Road,
                                                                        Wanchai, Hong Kong
Telephone:        (8610) 5765 0696                          Tel:        852-3468 8640
Facsimile:        (8610) 5765 0695                          Fax:        852-2111 1103
Email:            ir@travelsky.com.cn                       Email:      travelsky.list@everbloom.com.cn
Website:          www.travelskyir.com

COMPANY’S WEBSITES
Website of consolidated information of the Company:
www.travelsky.cn

Website established in accordance with Rule 2.07C(6)(a) of the Listing Rules:
www.travelskyir.com

You may obtain the English and Chinese versions of the financial reports, announcements, circulars,
operation data and results presentation of the Company through this website.




208
Tel:           (8610) 5765 0696
Fax:           (8610) 5765 0695
Email:         ir@travelsky.com.cn   (Contact details for investors)

Address:       TravelSky High-Tech Industrial Park, Houshayu Town,
               Shunyi District, Beijing, PRC
Postal Code:   101300
Website:       www.travelskyir.com
