 THIS CIRCULAR IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION

If you are in doubt as to any aspect of this circular or as to the action to be taken, you should
consult a stockbroker or other registered dealer in securities, bank manager, solicitor,
professional accountant or other professional adviser.

If you have sold or transferred all your shares in ANTA Sports Products Limited (the
“Company”), you should at once hand this circular, together with the enclosed form of proxy, to
the purchaser or transferee or to the bank, the licensed securities dealer or other agent through
whom the sale was effected for transmission to the purchaser or transferee.

Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
take no responsibility for the contents of this circular, make no representation as to its accuracy
or completeness and expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising
from or in reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this supplemental circular.




                     ANTA Sports Products Limited
                       安踏體育用品有限公司
               (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
             Stock Codes: 2020 (HKD counter) and 82020 (RMB counter)




                        MAJOR TRANSACTION
          ACQUISITION OF 29.06% EQUITY INTEREST IN PUMA SE




A letter from the Board is set out on pages 4 to 29 of this circular.

This circular is being despatched to the Shareholders for information only. The Acquisition has
been approved by the Written Approvals pursuant to Rule 14.44 of the Listing Rules.


                                                                                    24 April 2026
                                                         CONTENTS

                                                                                                                              Page

DEFINITIONS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      1

LETTER FROM THE BOARD . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                      4

APPENDIX I               —        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP . . . . . . . . . .                                       I-1

APPENDIX II              —        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP . . . . . .                                            II-1

APPENDIX III —                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                   TARGET GROUP . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             III-1

APPENDIX IV —                     UNAUDITED PRO FORMA FINANCIAL
                                   INFORMATION OF THE GROUP . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                             IV-1

APPENDIX V               —        GENERAL INFORMATION . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                      V-1




                                                                – i –
                                     DEFINITIONS

     In this circular, the following expressions shall have the following meanings unless the
context otherwise requires:

“Acquisition”                       the acquisition of the Target Shares by the Company under
                                    the Share Purchase Agreement

“Anda Holdings”                     Anda Holdings International Limited, a British Virgin
                                    Islands private limited company wholly-owned by Anta
                                    International. Anda Holdings holds 160,875,000 Shares,
                                    representing approximately 5.75% of the issued share
                                    capital of the Company as at the date of this circular

“Anda Investments”                  Anda Investments Capital Limited, a British Virgin
                                    Islands private limited company wholly-owned by Anta
                                    International. Anda Investments holds 115,500,000 Shares,
                                    representing approximately 4.13% of the issued share
                                    capital of the Company as at the date of this circular

“Anta International”                Anta International Group Holdings Limited, a British
                                    Virgin Islands private limited company. It directly holds
                                    1,206,301,400 Shares, representing approximately 43.13%
                                    of the issued capital of the Company as at the date of this
                                    circular and is deemed to be interested in the Shares held
                                    by Anda Investments and Anda Holdings

“Antitrust Clearance”               (i) the consent, approval, clearance, confirmation, licence
                                    under the applicable merger-control laws or rejection of
                                    jurisdiction by the relevant Competition Authority, or (ii)
                                    the expiry of the applicable waiting period (following
                                    submission of all applicable filings) where this is deemed
                                    to be an official waiver from the relevant Competition
                                    Authority under the relevant applicable Laws having the
                                    same effect of authorising or not preventing Closing of
                                    the Transaction, as the case may be

“associate”                         has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

“Board” or “Board of Directors”     the board of Directors of our Company

“Business Day(s)”                   any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on
                                    which banks in Paris, Hong Kong and Frankfurt are
                                    authorised or obligated by Law to close

“Closing”                           the closing of the Acquisition pursuant to the Share
                                    Purchase Agreement



                                            – 1 –
                                 DEFINITIONS

“Company” or “Purchaser”         ANTA Sports Products Limited, a company incorporated
                                 in the Cayman Islands with limited liability and the issued
                                 shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Hong
                                 Kong Stock Exchange (stock codes: 2020 (HKD counter)
                                 and 82020 (RMB counter))

“Competition Authority”          the merger-control authority(ies) to which the Acquisition
                                 shall be notified under applicable mandatory laws, rules
                                 and/or regulations

“connected person(s)”            has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

“Consideration”                  a total of EUR1,505,516,600 (exclusive of tax)
                                 (equivalent to approximately RMB12,277,638,425) which
                                 shall be payable by the Company on the Effective
                                 Transfer Date pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement

“Director(s)”                    the directors of the Company

“Effective Transfer Date”        two Business Days after the Closing Date

“EUR”                            Euro, the lawful currency of the European Union

“Group”                          the Company and its subsidiaries from time to time

“Hong Kong”                      the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the
                                 People’s Republic of China

“Independent Third Party(ies)”   an individual or a company who or which is not a
                                 director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the
                                 Company or any of its subsidiaries, or an associate (as
                                 defined in the Listing Rules) of any of such director, chief
                                 executive or substantial shareholder

“Latest Practicable Date”        22 April 2026, being the latest practicable date for
                                 ascertaining certain information in this circular

“Listing Rules”                  the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The
                                 Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

“PRC”                            the People’s Republic of China (which for the purpose of
                                 this circular, excludes Hong Kong, the Macao Special
                                 Administrative Region and Taiwan region)

“Seller”                         Artémis



                                        – 2 –
                                 DEFINITIONS

“Share(s)”                       ordinary shares of HK$0.10 each in the share capital of
                                 the Company

“Share Purchase Agreement”       the share purchase agreement dated 26 January 2026
                                 entered into between the Company and the Seller

“Shareholder(s)”                 holder(s) of the Share(s) of the Company

“Stock Exchange” or “Hong Kong   The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
  Stock Exchange”

“subsidiary(ies)”                has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

“Target Company”                 Puma SE, a European Company (Societas Europaea)
                                 organised under the laws of Germany

“Target Group”                   the Target Company and its subsidiaries

“Target Shares”                  a total 43,014,760 ordinary shares of the Target Company
                                 to be sold by the Seller to the Company pursuant to the
                                 Share Purchase Agreement

“Written Approvals”              written approvals dated 13 February 2026 given by Anta
                                 International, Anda Holdings and Anda Investments,
                                 approving, among other things, the Acquisition and the
                                 Share Purchase Agreement

“%”                              per cent




                                        – 3 –
                             LETTER FROM THE BOARD




                       ANTA Sports Products Limited
                         安踏體育用品有限公司
               (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
             Stock Codes: 2020 (HKD counter) and 82020 (RMB counter)

Executive Directors:                                             Registered office:
Mr. Ding Shizhong (Chairman)                                     Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
Mr. Ding Shijia (Deputy Chairman)                                P.O. Box 2681
Mr. Lai Shixian (Co-Chief Executive Officer)                     Grand Cayman KY1-1111
Mr. Wu Yonghua (Co-Chief Executive Officer)                      Cayman Islands
Mr. Zheng Jie
Mr. Bi Mingwei (Chief Financial Officer)                         Principal place of business
                                                                   in Hong Kong:
Independent non-executive Directors:                             16/F, Manhattan Place
Mr. Yiu Kin Wah Stephen                                          23 Wang Tai Road
Mr. Lai Hin Wing Henry Stephen                                   Kowloon Bay, Kowloon
Ms. Wang Jiaqian                                                 Hong Kong
Ms. Xia Lian

                                                                 24 April 2026

To the Shareholders,

Dear Sir/Madam,

                        MAJOR TRANSACTION
          ACQUISITION OF 29.06% EQUITY INTEREST IN PUMA SE

INTRODUCTION

      Reference is made to the announcements of the Company dated 26 January 2026 in relation
to, among other things, the Acquisition (the “First Announcement”), dated 13 February 2026 in
relation to the Written Approvals (the “Second Announcement”) and dated 4 March 2026 in
relation to, among other things, the grant of waiver from strict compliance with Rule 14.41(a) of
the Listing Rules by the Stock Exchange (the “Third Announcement”).

     The purpose of this circular is to provide you with, among others, (i) details of the
Acquisition, Share Purchase Agreement and the transaction contemplated thereunder; (ii) details
of the Written Approvals; and (iii) further information as required to be disclosed under the
Listing Rules.



                                             – 4 –
                             LETTER FROM THE BOARD

SHARE PURCHASE AGREEMENT

   The principal terms of the Share Purchase Agreement are set out as follows:

   Date:               26 January 2026

   Parties:            (i)   The Company, as the Purchaser; and

                       (ii) Artémis, as the Seller

   Subject Matter

        Pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement, the Company has conditionally agreed to
   purchase, and the Seller has conditionally agreed to sell, a total of 43,014,760 ordinary
   shares of the Target Company (representing approximately 29.06% of its entire issued share
   capital as of the date of this circular).

   Consideration and Payment

         On the Effective Transfer Date, the Company shall pay a total of EUR1,505,516,600
   (exclusive of tax) (equivalent to approximately RMB12,277,638,425), representing
   EUR35.0 (equivalent to approximately RMB285.4) per Target Share, to the Seller in cash.
   Any tax due on the transaction, if any, other than taxes assessed on Seller’s capital gain,
   shall be borne by the Company and paid in addition to the Consideration.

        At the time of entering the Share Purchase Agreement, the Consideration was
   determined after arm’s length negotiation between the Company and the Seller, taking into
   account:

        (I)   The Target Company’s market positioning and historical business and financial
              performance

              PUMA is a globally renowned and leading sports brand with a deep and
        established heritage and extensive worldwide influence across both professional and
        lifestyle sports, with products distributed in more than 120 countries. The Target
        Company delivered relatively stable results for FY2024, recording reported revenue of
        EUR8,817.2 million (FY2023: EUR8,601.7 million), representing a year-on-year
        increase of around 2.5%, and slightly decreased net income margins of 3.9% in
        FY2024, comparing to 4.2% in FY2023.

             However, the Target Company’s performance deteriorated for 9M2025, recording
        reported revenue of EUR5,973.9 million (9M2024: EUR6,527.8 million), representing
        a year-on-year decline of 8.5%, and net income margin significantly decreased from
        3.9% in 9M2024 to a net loss margin of (5.2%) in 9M2025, reflecting the impact of
        the strategic reset and related headwinds.



                                           – 5 –
                   LETTER FROM THE BOARD

     In late July 2025, the Target Company issued profit warning for 2Q25, in which
the management indicated a low double-digit decline in 2025 full-year sales on a
currency-adjusted basis and a full-year operating loss driven by the overall weak
demand, U.S. tariff uncertainties and elevated inventory levels, and subsequently
reported weak 3Q25 results amid its strategic reset in late October 2025, in which the
management maintained its forecast for 2025 full year.

(II) The Target Company’s historical and prevailing share price levels prior to the
     Acquisition

      The Company observes that the Target Company’s share price has experienced a
meaningful decline over the past three years. The Company considers such downward
trajectory highlights the degree of market dislocation relative to the Target Company’s
historical levels and the current market cap could be disproportionately impacted by
temporary operational setbacks and near-term headwinds. The Company has
confidence in the Target Company’s management team and its strategic initiatives
already underway. In addition, while preserving PUMA’s brand identity and heritage,
the Company will explore possibility to deepen the partnership and unlock Target
Company’s growth potential globally and particularly in China, post the Acquisition.

(III) The current market conditions and valuation of other listed companies in the
      global sportswear sector

     The Company has also referenced the trading multiples of a selected group of
comparable listed sportswear companies globally. The selection was primarily based
on factors including scale, brand positioning and global footprint. Detailed analysis
and selection rationale are set out below:

     (i)   key inputs and rationale for pricing multiples

         In assessing the valuation of the Target Company based on comparable
     companies, it has adopted EV/EBITDA as the primary valuation metric, with
     EV/Sales considered as a secondary reference.

           –    EV/EBITDA is widely recognized in the sportswear sector and across
                adjacent industries, which remains a standard benchmark for investors
                given it better isolates operating performance from differences in
                capital structure, tax environments and accounting policies. Unlike
                P/E, which can be materially distorted by non-operating items, one-off
                charges or varying effective tax rates, EV/EBITDA provides a clearer
                and more comparable view of underlying business fundamentals and
                cash-generating capability across companies with diverse leverage
                profiles and geographic exposures.




                                    – 6 –
              LETTER FROM THE BOARD

     –    In order to ensure consistency across markets with differing accounting
          frameworks, the Company’s analysis has been performed on both a
          pre-IFRS and post-IFRS basis, thereby aligning the valuation approach
          with global peers and mitigating distortions arising from regional
          accounting differences.

     –    No single valuation methodology or financial metric was determinative
          in arriving at the Consideration, and EV/EBITDA and EV/Sales
          multiples were referenced as part of the valuation assessment. The
          Company has also performed analysis as set out in the paragraph
          headed “(IV) The future prospects of the Target Company’s principal
          business” below to provide a quantitative illustration of how the
          implied valuation of the Target Company compares against market
          benchmarks.

     Under these criteria, Adidas and Nike were identified as the closest peers,
given their extensive global footprint, broad category coverage, and alignment
with the Target Company’s scale, supplemented by other best-in-class sportswear
companies – namely Lululemon, Amer Sports, On Holding, Deckers. These
companies provide additional context for benchmarking across the broader global
athletic and lifestyle performance sector. In addition, the Company has also
included itself as a reference point given its leading position in global sportswear
market and its role as the purchaser of the Target Shares.

(ii) Selected comparable companies considered by the Company

     Based on the selection criteria set by the Company, the Board consider that,
Nike, Adidas, Lululemon, Amer Sports, On Holding, Deckers are exhaustive
representative peers to the Target Company given their similar business nature,
geographic focus, category spectrum and financial profiles.




                               – 7 –
                                 Details of the selected comparable companies are set out in the table below.

                                                                                                                                           NTM              NTM                      EBITDA         EBITDA
        Company name                               Location of principal    Product categories       Market cap as       NTM        EV/EBITDA        EV/EBITDA Total Revenue      (post-IFRS)     (pre-IFRS)    YE Net asset
        (stock code) Business nature               businesses(1) (2)        involved(1)             of Jan 15, 2026   EV/Sales(3)   (Post-IFRS)(3)    (Pre-IFRS)(3) (EUR MM)(1)       margin(1)       margin(1) (EUR MM)(1)
                                                                                                         (EUR MM)

        Nike           Mainly engaged in         44% from North America, Footwear and apparel               86,544        2.1x            18.8x           22.9x         42,836         12.0%           9.7%         11,645
          (NYSE:        designing, developing,     27% from EMEA, 15%      contributed to 66% and
          NKE)          and selling athletic and   from Greater China,     29% of the total
                        casual footwear,           and 14% from APLA       revenue, respectively
                        apparel, equipment,
                        accessories, and
                        services for men,
                        women, and kids

        Adidas         Mainly engaged in           32% from Europe, 22%    Footwear, apparel and            28,987        1.3x              8.4x           9.8x         23,683         10.7%           7.6%          5,868
         (XTRA:         designing, developing,       from North America,     accessories and gear
         ADS)           producing, and               15% from Greater        contributed to 59%,
                        marketing a range of         China, 14% from         35% and 6% of the




– 8 –
                        athletic and sports          Emerging Markets, 12% total revenue,
                        lifestyle products           from Latin America,     respectively
                                                     and 6% from
                                                     Japan/South Korea

        Lululemon      Mainly engaged in           75% from Americas, 13% Women, men and other              20,716        2.0x              7.7x           8.8x          9,835         33.0%          27.9%          4,160
          (NasdaqGS:    designing, distributing,     from China Mainland,  categories contributed
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               LETTER FROM THE BOARD




          LULU)         and retailing technical      and 12% from Rest of  to 63%, 24% and 13%
                        athletic apparel,            World                 of the total revenue,
                        footwear, and                                      respectively
                        accessories for women
                        and men as well as
                        other categories
                                                                                                                                            NTM              NTM                      EBITDA         EBITDA
        Company name                             Location of principal    Product categories          Market cap as       NTM        EV/EBITDA        EV/EBITDA Total Revenue      (post-IFRS)     (pre-IFRS)    YE Net asset
        (stock code) Business nature             businesses(1) (2)        involved(1)                of Jan 15, 2026   EV/Sales(3)   (Post-IFRS)(3)    (Pre-IFRS)(3) (EUR MM)(1)       margin(1)       margin(1) (EUR MM)(1)
                                                                                                          (EUR MM)

        Amer Sports    Mainly engaged in         36% from Americas, 29% Technical apparel,                   18,112        3.0x            16.6x           18.7x          4,792         15.6%          12.8%          4,838
         (NYSE: AS)     designing,                 from EMEA, 25% from    outdoor performance
                        manufacturing,             Greater China, and 10% and ball & racquet
                        marketing, distributing,   from other APAC        sports contributed to
                        and selling sports                                42%, 36% and 22% of
                        equipment, apparel,                               the total revenue,
                        footwear, and                                     respectively
                        accessories under
                        Arc’teryx, Salomon,
                        Wilson, Peak
                        Performance, Atomic,
                        etc. brands

        On Holding     Mainly engaged in the     64% from Americas, 25% Shoes, apparel and                   13,394        3.2x            17.1x           19.2x          2,435         16.7%          13.4%          1,484
         (NYSE:         development and            from EMEA, and 11%     accessories contributed
         ONON)          distribution of sports     from APAC              to 95%, 4% and 1% of




– 9 –
                        products worldwide                                the total revenue,
                                                                          respectively

        Deckers        Mainly engaged in         64% from US, 36% from    No detailed breakdown by           12,940        2.4x              9.8x          10.6x          4,646         27.4%          25.0%          2,325
         (NYSE:         designing, marketing,      International           categories, while UGG,
         DECK)          and distributing                                   HOKA and other
                        footwear, apparel, and                             brands contribute to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                LETTER FROM THE BOARD




                        accessories for casual                             51%, 45% and 4% of
                        lifestyle use and                                  the total revenue,
                        high-performance                                   respectively
                        activities under UGG,
                        HOKA, etc. brands


        Comparable Companies’ Average                                                                                      2.3x            13.1x           15.0x
                                                                                                                                               NTM                NTM                      EBITDA         EBITDA
         Company name                             Location of principal     Product categories           Market cap as       NTM        EV/EBITDA          EV/EBITDA Total Revenue      (post-IFRS)     (pre-IFRS)    YE Net asset
         (stock code) Business nature             businesses(1) (2)         involved(1)                 of Jan 15, 2026   EV/Sales(3)   (Post-IFRS)(3)      (Pre-IFRS)(3) (EUR MM)(1)       margin(1)       margin(1) (EUR MM)(1)
                                                                                                             (EUR MM)

         Puma SE         Mainly engaged in the   23% from Europe, 20%     Footwear, apparel, and                 3,266        0.8x              15.3x(4)         39.4x(4)      8,817         11.2%           8.4%          2,829
           (XTRA:         research, design,        from EEMEA (Eastern      accessories contributed
           PUM)           development, marketing Europe, Middle East        to 54%, 32%, and 14%
           The Target     and sale of sports and   and Africa), 24% form    of the total revenue,
                          sports-lifestyle         North America, 15%       respectively
                          footwear, apparel and    from Latin America,
                          accessories under the    7% from Greater China,
                          PUMA brand               5% from Asia Pacific
                                                   (without Greater
                                                   China), and 6% from
                                                   others

         Anta         Mainly engaged in the     Majority from Greater       Footwear, apparel and               25,257        2.3x              7.9x             9.6x          9,102         31.2%          24.6%          8,832
          (SEHK:       research, design,         China                        accessories contributed
          2020)        development,                                           to 41%, 56% and 3% of
          The Company manufacture, market,                                    the total revenue,




– 10 –
                       and sale of professional                               respectively
                       sports footwear,
                       apparel, and accessories
                       under ANTA, FILA,
                       etc. brands

         Notes:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     LETTER FROM THE BOARD




         1.       Financial information is based on the latest fiscal year available for each company. Nike and Deckers all report FY2025 financials, with fiscal years ended on
                  31 May 2025 and 31 March 2025, respectively. Financials for all other companies are based on their FY2024 results.

         2.       Based on the revenue contribution by different region for the latest fiscal year available.

         3.       Market data based on Capital IQ, as of 15 January 2026; NTM stands for next twelve months.

         4.       Puma’s NTM EV/EBITDA was considered less meaningful, given the recent earnings decline, expected FY2025 operating loss and the continued transition
                  dynamics in FY2026, which together distort near-term EBITDA forecast.
                  LETTER FROM THE BOARD

    (iii) selection criteria for comparable companies

         The selection of comparable companies has been determined with reference
    to global sportswear players that operate business models and scale generally
    comparable to that of the Target Company. In this regard, particular focuses were
    placed on global presence, diversified product portfolio, and brand positioning.

    (iv) adjustments for differences with comparable companies

         As provided in section (III)(i) headed “key inputs and rationale for pricing
    multiples” above, the Company has adopted EV/EBITDA as the primary
    valuation metrics given it better isolates operating performance from differences
    in capital structure, tax environments and accounting policies and provides
    clearer view of business fundamentals and cash-generating capability. In order to
    ensure consistency across markets with differing accounting frameworks, the
    analysis has also been performed on both a pre-IFRS and post-IFRS basis.

         Considering the Target Company is currently in a transition period, the
    Company developed projections based on broker consensus and its own
    assessment, that reflect the Target Company’s expected financial performance
    under a normalized/steady state operating scenario. Based on these projected
    financials and abovementioned valuation multiple, the Company derives the
    implied valuation and discounts back to present to arrive at the implied valuation
    outcomes.

(IV) The future prospects of the Target Company’s principal business

     To assess the future prospects of the Target Company’s principal business, the
Company primarily referenced disclosed broker consensus estimates of the Target
Company (“Broker Consensus”) which are retrieved from a subscription-based
research platform as the baseline to reflect prevailing market expectations on the
Target Company’s upside potentials, driven by brand, product and channel
improvement, continuous geographic expansion with inventory normalization, etc. In
addition, the Company has also taken into consideration the potential longer-term
growth that may arise from the potential partnerships of the two companies primarily
collaboration in the Greater China region.




                                  – 11 –
                        LETTER FROM THE BOARD

          As disclosed by the Target Company in its earnings release for the nine months
     ended 30 September 2025, year 2026 is expected to be a transition year, with a return
     to growth and healthier profitability from 2027 and onwards. On this basis, the
     Company considered 2027 and 2028 as the relevant periods for assessing the Target
     Company’s operating performance. Accordingly, the Company adopted the average of
     the Broker Consensus for the estimated revenue of the Target Company for 2027 and
     2028 of EUR 7,553 million and EUR 8,045 million, respectively, and adjusted
     EBITDA of EUR 616 million and EUR 756 million, respectively. To derive next
     twelve months (“NTM”) financials for a 2025 year-end based valuation, the Company
     discounted the 2027 and 2028 Broker Consensus revenue and adjusted EBITDA back
     to 2026 using the published broker average WACC estimate of 11.1%. The enterprise
     value (“EV”) corresponding to the Consideration was then divided by the discounted
     revenue and adjusted EBITDA to arrive at the implied NTM EV/EBITDA and NTM
     EV/Sales multiples of the Consideration.

         Based on the Broker Consensus revenue and adjusted EBITDA of the Target
     Company, the implied NTM EV/EBITDA was 14.6x and the implied NTM EV/Sales
     was 1.2x for 2027, the implied NTM EV/EBITDA was 13.3x and the implied NTM
     EV/Sales was 1.2x for 2028, respectively.

           After comparing the abovementioned implied multiples of the Target Company
     reflected in the Consideration with those of the comparable companies, which were
     trading at an average of 13.1x NTM EV/EBITDA and 2.3x NTM EV/Sales, the
     Company considers these implied multiples are in-line with and within the range of
     the comparable companies’ trading levels.

          Having considered the information set out above, the Board considered the
     Consideration is fair and reasonable and in the interest of the Company and its
     shareholders as a whole.

          The Consideration shall be funded by the Group’s internal resources, including
     its working capital.

Additional Payments under Certain Events

      The Company agrees to make the following additional payments to the Seller in the
event that any applicable public takeover offer, mandatory offer, acquisition offer, delisting
takeover offer or squeeze-out of the Target Company described below shall be published or
initiated within fifteen (15) months after the Effective Transfer Date:

     (i)   An additional purchase price (“Additional Aggregate Purchase Price 1”) shall
           be payable by the Company to the Seller in the event that, within fifteen (15)
           months after the Effective Transfer Date, the Company or its affiliates or persons
           acting in concert (or deemed to be acting in concert) with it in relation to the
           Target Company (a) publishes one or more offers to acquire shares in the Target



                                         – 12 –
                   LETTER FROM THE BOARD

     Company under the German Securities Acquisition and Takeover Act (WpÜG)
     (“SATA”), irrespective of whether by way of a public takeover offer, a
     mandatory offer or an acquisition offer under the applicable provisions of the
     SATA (in each case a “Takeover Offer”); or (b) publishes a delisting takeover
     offer under applicable provision of German Stock Exchange Act (BörsG) (the
     “Delisting Offer”); or (c) initiates any form of squeeze-out by requesting the
     transfer of shares of the minority shareholders of the Target Company (the
     “Squeeze-out”), the exact amount of which shall be calculated based on a
     formula set out in the Share Purchase Agreement which takes into account,
     among others, the relevant dilution ratio and prices per share in the Target
     Company offered in the Takeover Offer, Delisting Offer or Squeeze-out, as the
     case may be. The payment of the Additional Aggregate Purchase Price 1 shall be
     subject to the completion of the Takeover Offer, the Delisting Offer or the
     Squeeze-out, as the case may be.

(ii) An additional purchase price (“Additional Aggregate Purchase Price 2”,
     together with Additional Aggregate Purchase Price 1, the “Additional Aggregate
     Purchase Prices”) shall be payable by the Company to the Seller in the event
     that, within fifteen (15) months after the Effective Transfer Date: (i) the
     Company or its affiliates or persons acting in concert (or deemed to be acting in
     concert) with it in relation to the Target Company publishes a Takeover Offer, a
     person other than the Seller or any of its affiliates or persons acting in concert
     (or deemed to be acting in concert) with it in relation to the Target Company
     (“Relevant Third Party”) publishes a competing Takeover Offer in relation to
     that Takeover Offer (the “Competing Offer”), and the Company or any of its
     affiliates sells all or part of the Target Shares to the bidder under the Competing
     Offer; (ii) a Relevant Third Party publishes a Takeover Offer (a “Third Party
     Takeover Offer”), and the Company or any of its affiliates sells all or part of the
     Target Shares to the Relevant Third Party under the Third Party Takeover Offer;
     and/or (iii) the Company or any of its affiliates sells all or part of the Target
     Shares (on or out of the market) to any person (identified or not) other than any
     of its affiliates (a “Third Party Sale”), the exact amount of which shall be
     calculated based on a formula set out in the Share Purchase Agreement which
     takes into account, among others, the relevant dilution ratio and prices per share
     in the Competing Offer, Third Party Takeover Offer or Third Party Sale, as the
     case may be. The payment of the Additional Aggregate Purchase Price 2 shall be
     subject to completion of the Competing Offer, the Third Party Takeover Offer, or
     the Third Party Sale, as the case may be.




                                   – 13 –
                         LETTER FROM THE BOARD

     The detailed formula for determination of Additional Aggregate Purchase Prices is set
out below:.

     For Additional Aggregate Purchase Price 1:

     The net Additional Aggregate Purchase Price 1 payable by the Purchaser to the Seller
shall be calculated in accordance with the following formula provided that the Additional
Aggregate Purchase Price 1 is a positive figure:

     AAP1 = (N2 ✕ RPS) – (CAP + PAAP)

     where:

     “AAP1” means the Additional Aggregate Purchase Price 1;

     “N2” means the number of Shares to be transferred to the Purchaser pursuant to the
Share Purchase Agreement (“N”) multiplied by DR:

     N2 = N x DR

     “DR” means a dilution ratio equal to:

     –    the number of shares comprising the whole share capital of the Target Company
          as of (i) in the case of a Takeover Offer or a Delisting Offer, the last day of the
          acceptance period of such Takeover Offer or Delisting Offer, and (ii) in the case
          of a Squeeze-out, the date of the shareholders’ meeting resolving upon the
          Squeeze-out, divided by

     –    the number of shares comprising the whole share capital of the Target Company
          at the Effective Transfer Date,

in each case disregarding any transaction affecting the share capital of the Target Company
other than a subdivision or consolidation of shares in the Target Company completed at any
time between (but excluding) the Effective Transfer Date and (including) (i) in the case of
a Takeover Offer or a Delisting Offer, the last day of the acceptance period of such
Takeover Offer or Delisting Offer, and (ii) in the case of a Squeeze-out, the date of the
shareholders’ meeting resolving upon the Squeeze-out;

      “RPS” (reference price per share) means the price per share in the Target Company
offered under the Takeover Offer or, as the case may be, a Delisting Offer or a Squeeze-out
(as finally determined). It is specified that the Purchaser shall use its best efforts within the
limits of its powers as a shareholder of the Target Company and member of the Supervisory
Board to ensure that no dividend distribution in excess of €0.70 per share in the Target
Company is made at the Target Company’s 2027 annual general meeting called to approve
the Target Company’s financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2026. For the



                                          – 14 –
                       LETTER FROM THE BOARD

avoidance of doubt, the parties agree that there shall be no restrictions on the Purchaser’s
voting rights with regard to the shares in the Target Company beyond the undertaking in
the preceding sentence, i.e. the undertaking shall apply only for the resolution on the
dividend distribution to be made at the Target Company’s 2027 annual general meeting, not
restricting the Purchaser’s voting rights on any other item or resolution within the
responsibility of the Target Company’s general meeting. The parties furthermore confirm
that, neither by virtue of the Share Purchase Agreement nor on the basis of any other
understanding they are, or will be, acting jointly or in concert with regard to the Target
Company, in particular within the meaning of Section 2 para. 5 or Section 30 para. 2 of the
German Securities Acquisition and Takeover Act (WpÜG) or Section 34 para. 2 of the
German Securities Trading Act (WpHG).

     “CAP” means the Closing Aggregate Purchase Price; and

     “PAAP” means, (i) in the event of a Takeover Offer, Delisting Offer or Squeeze-out,
any prior Additional Aggregate Purchase Price 1 paid in relation to any other prior
Takeover Offer, Delisting Offer or Squeeze-out or (ii) in the event of a prior Competing
Offer, a prior Third Party Takeover Offer or a Third Party Sale, any prior Additional
Aggregate Purchase Price 2.

     For purposes of determination of the RPS:

     –    should a Takeover Offer or, as the case may be, a Delisting Offer (as the case
          may be increased) be a cash offer, and in case of a Squeeze-out, the price per
          share in the Target Company offered under that Takeover Offer or, as the case
          may be, the Delisting Offer or the Squeeze-out, shall be equal to the price per
          share in the Target Company paid in cash;

     –    should a Takeover Offer or, as the case may be, a Delisting Offer (as the case
          may be increased) be an exchange offer, the price per share in the Target
          Company offered under that Takeover Offer or, as the case may be, the Delisting
          Offer shall be equal to the product of (a) the closing volume-weighted average
          price of the offered securities on the relevant primary regulated market over the
          3-month period prior to the publication of the intention to launch the Takeover
          Offer or the Delisting Offer and (b) the exchange ratio;

     –    should a Takeover Offer or, as the case may be, a Delisting Offer (as the case
          may be increased) be a mixed offer, the price per share in the Target Company
          offered under that Takeover Offer or, as the case may be, the Delisting Offer
          shall be equal to the sum of (x) the product of (a) the closing volume-weighted
          average price of the offered securities on the relevant primary regulated market
          over the 3-month period prior to the publication of the intention to launch the
          Takeover Offer or a Delisting Offer and (b) the exchange ratio and (y) the cash
          amount.




                                        – 15 –
                        LETTER FROM THE BOARD

     For Additional Aggregate Purchase Price 2:

     The net Additional Aggregate Purchase Price 2 shall be paid by the Purchaser to the
Seller shall be calculated in accordance with the following formula provided that the
Additional Aggregate Purchase Price 2 is a positive figure:

     AAP2 = (N2 ✕ SRPS) – [(CAP + PAAP)/(N ✕ DR)] ✕ N2

     where:

     “AAP2” means the Additional Aggregate Purchase Price 2;

     “N2” means the lower of (i) the number of Target Shares sold by the Purchaser (or
any of its Affiliates) under a Competing Offer, a Third Party Takeover Offer or a Third
Party Sale and (ii) the number of Target Shares to be transferred to the Purchaser pursuant
to the Share Purchase Agreement (“N”) multiplied by DR;

     “DR” means a dilution ratio equal to:

     –    the number of shares comprising the whole share capital of the Target Company
          at the date on which (a) the price per share in the Target Company offered under
          the Competing Offer or the Third Party Takeover Offer has been determined in
          accordance with the final offer document upon expiry of the acceptance period of
          such Competing Offer or Third Party Takeover Offeror (b) the Third Party Sale is
          completed, divided by

     –    the number of shares comprising the whole share capital of the Target Company
          at the Effective Transfer Date,

in each case disregarding any transaction affecting the share capital of the Target Company
other than a subdivision or consolidation of shares in the Target Company completed at any
time between (but excluding) the Effective Transfer Date and (and including) (a) the date
on which the price per share in the Target Company offered under the Competing Offer or
the Third Party Takeover Offer has been determined in accordance with the final offer
document upon expiry of the acceptance period of such Competing Offer or Third Party
Takeover Offer or (b) the date on which the Third Party Sale is completed;

      “SRPS” (share reference price per share) means the price per share in the Target
Company offered under the Competing Offer, the Third Party Takeover Offer (in each case
as finally determined) or, as the case may be, the Third Party Sale. It is specified that the
Purchaser shall use its best efforts within the limits of its powers as a shareholder of the
Target Company and member of the Supervisory Board to ensure that no dividend
distribution in excess of €0.70 per share in the Target Company is made at the Target
Company’s 2027 annual general meeting called to approve the Target Company’s financial
statements for the year ending 31 December 2026. For the avoidance of doubt, the parties



                                        – 16 –
                        LETTER FROM THE BOARD

agree that there shall be no restrictions on the Purchaser’s voting rights with regard to the
shares in the Target Company beyond the undertaking in the preceding sentence, i.e. the
undertaking shall apply only for the resolution on the dividend distribution to be made at
the Target Company’s 2027 annual general meeting, not restricting the Purchaser’s voting
rights on any other item or resolution within the responsibility of the Target Company’s
general meeting. The parties furthermore confirm that, neither by virtue of the Share
Purchase Agreement nor on the basis of any other understanding they are, or will be, acting
jointly or in concert with regard to the Target Company, in particular within the meaning of
Section 2 para. 5 or Section 30 para. 2 of the German Securities Acquisition and Takeover
Act (WpÜG) or Section 34 para. 2 of the German Securities Trading Act (WpHG).

     “CAP” means the Closing Aggregate Purchase Price; and

     “PAAP” means in the event of a Takeover Offer, a Delisting Offer or a Squeeze-out,
any prior Additional Aggregate Purchase Price 1 paid in relation to the Takeover Offer, the
Delisting Offer or the Squeeze-out.

     For purposes of determination of the SRPS:

     –    should a Competing Offer or a Third Party Takeover Offer be a cash offer, the
          price per share in the Target Company offered under that Competing Offer or
          Third Party Takeover Offer shall be equal to the price per share in the Target
          Company paid in cash;

     –    should a Competing Offer or a Third Party Takeover Offer be an exchange offer,
          the price per share in the Target Company offered under that Competing Offer or
          Third Party Takeover Offer shall be equal to the higher of:

          –    the closing volume-weighted average price of the Target Company’s shares
               on the relevant primary regulated market over the four (4) trading day
               period prior to the end of the acceptance period for the Competing Offer or
               the Third Party Takeover Offer; and

          –    the product of (a) closing volume-weighted average price of the offered
               securities on the relevant primary regulated market over the 3-month period
               prior to the publication of the intention to launch the Competing Offer or
               the Third Party Takeover Offer and (b) the exchange ratio;




                                        – 17 –
                        LETTER FROM THE BOARD

           –    should a Competing Offer or a Third Party Takeover Offer be a mixed offer
                the price per share in the Target Company offered under that Competing
                Offer or Third Party Takeover Offer shall be equal to the higher of:

                –    the closing volume-weighted average price of the Target Company’s
                     shares on the relevant primary regulated market over the four (4)
                     trading day period prior to the end of the acceptance period of the
                     Competing Offer or the Third Party Takeover Offer; and

                –    the sum of (x) the product of (a) the closing volume-weighted average
                     price of the offered securities on the relevant primary regulated market
                     over the 3-month period prior to the publication of the intention to
                     launch the Competing Offer or the Third Party Takeover Offer and (b)
                     the exchange ratio and (y) the cash amount.

      Whilst the terms “RPS” and “SRPS” above provide both that the Company shall use
its best efforts within the limits of its powers as a shareholder of the Target Company and
member of the Supervisory Board to ensure that no dividend distribution in excess of €0.70
per share in the Target Company is made at the Target Company’s 2027 annual general
meeting, it is noted that:

     (i)   following the completion of the Acquisition, the Company will not have any
           appointment rights regarding Supervisory Board members of the Target Company
           under either the articles of association of the Target Company or German law
           applicable to a European Company with its registered seat in Germany
           irrespective of the Company’s shareholding level in the Target Company. The
           Supervisory Board consists of seven members, five of whom are shareholder
           representatives and two are employee representatives. Shareholder representatives
           of the Supervisory Board are elected by a simple majority of the votes cast at the
           shareholders’ meeting of the Target Company. All members of the Supervisory
           Board are, by law, required to exercise their office in the best interest of the
           Target Company and are not subject to instructions from individual shareholders.
           It is currently expected that the Company, after completion of the Acquisition,
           will seek to nominate up to two representatives to the Supervisory Board of the
           Target Company, who shall be subject to election by all shareholders of the
           Target Company. Even if successfully elected, these representatives will not, on
           their own, hold a majority on the Supervisory Board;

     (ii) consistent with European and German company law, any dividend distributions of
          the Target Company will be initiated by the management board of the Target
          Company and the Supervisory Board submitting non-binding resolution proposals
          to be decided by the shareholders’ meeting of the Target Company, by a simple
          majority of the votes cast. By holding a 29.06% stake in the share capital of the
          Target Company acquired under the Acquisition, it is unlikely that the Company
          would be able, on its own, to secure a simple majority at shareholders’ meetings



                                         – 18 –
                         LETTER FROM THE BOARD

           of the Target Company. As such, the Company is not expected to be able to, on
           its own, “ensure” a dividend distribution in excess of EUR 0.70 per share in the
           Target Company will not be passed.

     In light of the circumstances and limitations set out above, the provision in the terms
“RPS” and “SRPS” above only requires the Company to use its best efforts within its
power as a minority shareholder of the Target Company and having representatives on the
Supervisory Board, does not constitute an absolute obligation on the part of the Company
to “ensure” a particular outcome.

     Whilst the formula for determination of Additional Aggregate Purchase Prices do not
contain a price ceiling, the Company does not currently expect these payments will be
triggered in view that:

     (i)   Additional Aggregate Purchase Price 1 will only be triggered if, within 15
           months from the Effective Transfer Date, the Company or its affiliates or persons
           acting in concert (or deemed to be acting in concert) with it in relation to the
           Target Company, initiate a Takeover Offer, Delisting Offer or Squeeze Out.

           The Company does not have any plan in the foreseeable future to initiate the
           above transactions during the said period, and is not aware any of its affiliates or
           persons acting in concert with it (or deemed to be acting in concert with it) in
           relation to the Target Company has any plan in the foreseeable future to initiate
           such transactions during the same period.

     (ii) Additional Aggregate Purchase Price 2 will only be triggered if, within 15
          months from the Effective Transfer Date, (a) a third party launches a Competing
          Takeover Offer after a Takeover Offer is initiated, AND the Company or its
          affiliates sells all or part of the Target Shares under such Competing Takeover
          Offer, or (b) a Third Party Takeover Offer is launched AND the Company or its
          affiliates sells all or part of the Target Shares under the Third Party Takeover
          Offer; or (c) the Company or its affiliates sells all or part of the Target Shares
          under a Third Party Sale.

           For (a), as explained above, the Company does not have any plan in the
           foreseeable future, and is not aware any of its affiliates have such plan in the
           foreseeable future, to launch any Takeover Offer during the said period.
           Accordingly, the Company does not expect any Competing Takeover Offer will
           be initiated. In any event, for all of (a) to (c) above, the Company has no plan in
           the foreseeable future to sell any of the Target Shares it acquires under the
           Acquisition and/or to participate in the above transactions during such period.
           Before the Company and/or its affiliates decide(s) to take any actions that will
           trigger the Additional Aggregate Purchase Prices, the Company will ensure that
           the Acquisition will not become a very substantial acquisition of the Company
           under the Listing Rules.



                                         – 19 –
                       LETTER FROM THE BOARD

    (iii) Solely for the purpose of illustration, based on the size test calculation of the
          Acquisition as at 26 January 2026, being the date of the Share Purchase
          Agreement, in order for the Acquisition to constitute a very substantial
          acquisition for the Company under the Listing Rules, the Consideration plus
          either Additional Aggregate Purchase Price 1 or Additional Aggregate Purchase
          Price 2 (as applicable) shall reach EUR24,299,332,842, which means, adopting
          the formula for calculation of Additional Aggregate Purchase Price 1 or
          Additional Aggregate Purchase Price 2 set out in above, the Consideration plus
          offer price or sale price (as applicable) under the Takeover Offer, Delisting Offer,
          Squeeze-out, Competing Offer, the Third Party Takeover Offer or Third Party
          Sale shall reach EUR564.9 per Target Share or more.

          In view that the Consideration was at EUR35.0 per Target Share, the Company
          does not consider there is any reasonable ground to believe that the offer price or
          sale price (as applicable) under the above scenarios will be at such an
          implausible price level which will result in the Acquisition becoming a very
          substantial acquisition of the Company under the Listing Rules.

Conditions Precedent

     The transfer and assignment of the Target Shares under the Share Purchase Agreement
are subject to the occurrence of the following conditions precedent:

    (i)   the Antitrust Clearance from each Competition Authority having been obtained;

    (ii) the Acquisition has been approved by the shareholders of the Company in
         accordance with, and to the extent required by, applicable law (including the
         Listing Rules);

    (iii) the Acquisition has been approved by the National Development and Reform
          Commission of the PRC; and

    (iv) the Acquisition has been approved by the relevant foreign direct investment
         authority(ies) to which the Acquisition shall, acting reasonably, be notified under
         applicable laws, rules and/or regulations,

together (the “Closing Conditions”, and the Business Day on which the Closing Conditions
have been fulfilled shall be the “Unconditional Date”).

    The Share Purchase Agreement did not provide that any parties have any right to
waive any of the above conditions.

     As at the Latest Practicable Date, condition (ii) above has been satisfied. The
Company has been following up with relevant authorities and to ensure all remaining
conditions will be satisfied in due course.



                                        – 20 –
                            LETTER FROM THE BOARD

        It is expected that the aforementioned Closing Conditions will be fulfilled, with the
    Unconditional Date in the fourth quarter of 2026.

    Closing

         Closing shall take place on the fifteenth Business Day (the “Closing Date”) after the
    Unconditional Date. At the Closing, among other things, (i) the Seller shall instruct its
    depository bank to book the Target Shares with effect as of the Effective Transfer Date
    from the Seller’s securities deposit account to the Company’s securities deposit account;
    and (ii) the Company shall instruct its depository bank to pay the Consideration to the
    Seller’s bank account on, and with the value date as of, the Effective Transfer Date.

    Warranties and Indemnities

         Each of the Company and the Seller has provided customary warranties, undertakings,
    and indemnities for a transaction of similar nature in favour of each other.

    Termination

         Other than in accordance with below, no Party shall be entitled to rescind or terminate
    the Share Purchase Agreement in any circumstances whatsoever (whether before or after
    Closing):

         (i)   in the event that the Unconditional Date has not occurred on or before 31
               December 2026, the Share Purchase Agreement shall terminate on the next
               Business Day; and

         (ii) if the Company or the Seller fails to comply with any obligations with respect to
              the Closing under the Share Purchase Agreement, the Company (if the defaulting
              party is the Seller) or the Seller (if the defaulting party is the Company) shall be
              entitled by written notice to the other party to terminate the Share Purchase
              Agreement.

         In the event that the Unconditional Date has not occurred on or before 31 December
    2026, the Seller shall be entitled to a payment by the Company of an amount of
    EUR100,000,000 corresponding to the price for the standstill on the Target Shares and the
    exclusivity undertaking granted by the Seller to the Company.

INFORMATION ON THE SELLER

     The Seller is a French simplified joint stock company (société par actions simplifiée),
which is the investment company of the Pinault family with interests in a wide array of
businesses. The ultimate beneficial owner of the Seller is François-Henri Pinault.




                                            – 21 –
                                 LETTER FROM THE BOARD

     To the best of the Directors’ knowledge, information and belief having made all reasonable
enquiries, the Seller and its ultimate beneficial owners are Independent Third Parties as of the
date of this circular.

INFORMATION ON THE TARGET COMPANY AND TARGET GROUP

     The Target Company is a European Company (Societas Europaea) organised under the laws
of Germany. Its shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market (Regulierter Markt) of the
Frankfurt Stock Exchange in its Prime Standard segment, the regulated market (Regulierter
Markt) of the Munich Stock Exchange, and are also traded on various other German regulated
markets and open markets (Freiverkehr), including the stock exchanges in Berlin, Düsseldorf,
Hamburg, Hanover, Munich and Stuttgart. German stock exchange law does not distinguish
between a primary and a secondary listing, and admission to the regulated market carries
comprehensive disclosure and reporting obligations. The principal trading venue of Puma SE’s
shares is the Frankfurt Stock Exchange.

     The Target Company is principally engaged in the development and sale of a broad range
of sports and sports lifestyle products, including footwear, apparel and accessories with the
PUMA brand. As of the Latest Practicable Date, the total number of issued shares of the Target
Company is 148,007,926.

     Financial Information of the Target Group

          Set out below is certain consolidated financial information extracted from the audited
     financial statements of the Target Group for the years ended 31 December 2023, 2024 and
     2025:

                                                                    For the year ended/
                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                               2023             2024*                     2025
                                                         EUR million      EUR million               EUR million

           Sales                                               8,601.7              8,398.0               7,296.2
           Adjusted operating result
             (adjusted EBIT)                                     621.6                548.7                (165.6)
           Operating result (EBIT)                               621.6                548.7                (357.2)
           Net income/(loss)                                     360.6                342.3                (615.2)
           Total assets                                        6,640.4              7,140.6               6,454.6




*    As announced on 11 November 2025, the Target Group moved from a business partnership to a licensing
     agreement structure with its long-term partner United Legwear. This change took effect on 1 November 2025. As
     a result, PUMA United is classified as a discontinued operation in the Target Group’s financial reporting from
     November 2025 onwards. Accordingly, the FY2024 figures in the consolidated income statement were restated
     for comparative purposes.



                                                     – 22 –
                              LETTER FROM THE BOARD

REASONS FOR AND BENEFITS OF THE ACQUISITION

     The Acquisition represents an important step in the Group’s execution of its “Single-focus,
Multi-brand, and Globalization” strategy. PUMA, as a globally renowned and internationally
leading sports brand with a deep and established heritage, holds extensive worldwide influence
across both professional and lifestyle sports. Its global business footprint and focused
positioning in sports categories are highly complementary to the Group’s existing multi-brand
and specialised business. Through the acquisition of a strategically significant minority stake
and becoming the Target Company’s largest shareholder, the Group is expected to further
enhance its presence and brand recognition in the global sporting goods market, thereby
strengthening its overall international competitiveness.

     The Group has a proven and well-evidenced track record in supporting multi-brand
transformation, value rejuvenation, and high-quality growth across both the China and global
markets, supported by its distinctive and mature “brand+retail” business model, together with its
capabilities in multi-brand integrated management and retail operations, the Group has
established a brand-building, retail execution, and supply-chain management system that
supports global development. The Group intends to seek adequate representation in the
Supervisory Board as soon as possible after the settlement of the transaction. The
representative(s) will work closely with the other Supervisory Board members from both the
shareholders’ and employee representatives’ side, while preserving PUMA’s strong brand identity
and heritage, with an aim to help empower PUMA to fully realise its brand potential, stimulate
its brand advantages and heritage, and create long-term value for global consumers and
stakeholders.

     For the foregoing reasons, the Directors are of the view that the terms of the Share
Purchase Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereunder are on normal commercial
terms agreed upon after arm’s length negotiations between the parties with reference to the
prevailing market conditions and are fair and reasonable, and are in the interests of the Group
and the Shareholders as a whole.

     The Directors expect that the Company could not obtain control of Puma SE under the
Acquisition but could exercise significant influence over the relevant activities of the Target
Group. Therefore, the equity interest of the Target Company acquired by the Company will be
accounted for using equity method as “investments in associates” of the Group and the Company
would share the post-acquisition profit/loss of the Target Group.

     Upon Completion of the Acquisition, Puma SE will become an associate of the Company
and its results will be equity accounted for in the consolidated financial statements of the Group.
Based on the unaudited pro forma financial information of the Group as set out in Appendix IV
of this circular, assuming the Acquisition had completed on 31 December 2025, there would be
no impact on the current liabilities, non-current liabilities and total liabilities; there would also
be no gain or loss arising from the Acquisition. For the impact of Acquisition on the current
assets, non-current assets and total assets: according to the annual report of the Group for the
year ended 31 December 2025, the Group’s current assets, non-currents and total assets as at 31



                                               – 23 –
                             LETTER FROM THE BOARD

December 2025 were approximately RMB59,656 million, RMB64,639 million and RMB124,295
million respectively. Based on the unaudited pro forma financial information of the Group as set
out in Appendix IV of this circular, assuming the Acquisition had completed on 31 December
2025, the Group’s current assets, non-currents and total assets would be approximately
RMB48,166 million, RMB76,129 million and RMB124,295 million respectively. For details of
the effect of the Acquisition, please refer to Appendix IV for the unaudited pro forma financial
information of the Group.

INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY

     ANTA was established in 1991; while ANTA Sports Products Limited, a widely recognized
global sportswear company, was listed on the Main Board of Hong Kong Stock Exchange in
2007 (Stock Codes: 2020 (HKD counter) and 82020 (RMB counter)). The mission of the
Company is to bring the transcendent sports spirit into everyone’s life. The Company principally
engages in R&D, design, manufacturing, marketing and sales of professional sports products
including footwear, apparel and accessories. By embracing an all-round brand portfolio including
ANTA, FILA, DESCENTE, KOLON SPORT, JACK WOLFSKIN, MAIA ACTIVE, etc., the
Company aims to unlock the potential of both the mass and high-end sportswear markets. The
Company is also the largest shareholder of Amer Sports, Inc., a global group of iconic sports
and outdoor brands including Arc’teryx, Salomon, Wilson, Peak Performance and Atomic, whose
shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: AS).

IMPLICATIONS UNDER THE LISTING RULES

     As the highest applicable percentage ratio under Rule 14.07 of the Listing Rules in respect
of the Acquisition exceeds 25% but is less than 100%, such transaction constitutes a major
transaction for the Company and is therefore subject to the reporting, announcement, and
shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules.

     None of the Directors has a material interest in the Acquisition and therefore has to abstain
from voting on the board resolution of the Company to approve the Acquisition, the terms of the
Share Purchase Agreement and the transaction contemplated thereunder.

WRITTEN SHAREHOLDERS’ APPROVAL

     No Shareholder or any close associate of any Shareholder has a material interest in the
Acquisition and no shareholder is required to abstain from voting if the Company were to
convene a general meeting to approve, among other things, the Acquisition and the Share
Purchase Agreement.

     On 13 February 2026, the Company has received Written Approvals from Anta
International, and its wholly-owned subsidiaries Anda Holdings and Anda Investments, pursuant
to which each of them has approved the Share Purchase Agreement and the Acquisition. As at
the Latest Practicable Date, Anta International, Anda Holdings and Anda Investments is holding
1,201,125,000 Shares, 160,875,000 Shares and 115,500,000 Shares, respectively, and



                                             – 24 –
                             LETTER FROM THE BOARD

1,477,500,000 Shares in aggregate, representing approximately 52.83% of the total issued
Shares. Accordingly, pursuant to Rule 14.44, no extraordinary general meeting of the Company
will be convened to approve the Acquisition and the Share Purchase Agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereunder.

WAIVERS FROM STRICT COMPLIANCE WITH THE LISTING RULES

      Pursuant to Rule 14.41(a) of the Listing Rules, as the Share Purchase Agreement and the
Acquisition was approved by way of Written Approvals, a circular containing, amongst other
things, further information of the Acquisition, the financial and other information of the Target
Company, and the unaudited pro forma financial information of the Group is required to be
despatched to the Shareholders within 15 business days after publication of the First
Announcement. Given that additional time is required for the Company to prepare and finalise
the information for inclusion in this circular, the Company has applied to the Stock Exchange
for, and the Stock Exchange has granted, a waiver from strict compliance with Rule 14.41(a) of
the Listing Rules to extend the deadline for despatch of this circular to on or before 24 April
2026.

      Pursuant to Rule 14.67(6)(a)(i), an accountants’ report on the Target Company prepared in
accordance with the requirements of Chapter 4 of the Listing Rules shall be included in this
circular. However, as the Target Company will not become a subsidiary of the Company upon
the Closing, the Company has applied for, and the Stock Exchange has granted, a waiver from
strict compliance with Rule 14.67(6)(a)(i) on the following grounds:

     (i)   The Target Company is a European Company (Societas Europaea) organised under the
           laws of Germany. Its shares are admitted to trading on the Regulated Market
           (Regulierter Markt) (Prime Standard) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange, which is a
           “Recognised Stock Exchange” as defined under Rule 1.01 of the Listing Rules, and
           additionally on the Regulated Market of Börse München. In addition, the shares of
           Puma SE are also traded on the open markets (Freiverkehr) of several regional
           German stock exchanges, including Berlin, Düsseldorf, Hamburg, Hanover, Munich
           and Stuttgart.

           As an issuer on a German Regulated Market, the Target Company is subject to EU
           regulations, primarily Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 (Market Abuse Regulation) and
           Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (Prospectus Regulation), as well as German statutory
           capital markets laws, including the German Stock Exchange Act (Börsengesetz), the
           German Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz), the German Securities
           Prospectus Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz), and the German Securities Acquisition and
           Takeover Act (Wertpapiererwerbs- und Übernahmegesetz). In addition, the Target
           Company must comply with the exchange rules (Börsenordnungen) and admission
           requirements of the Frankfurt and Munich exchanges. Regional exchange rules apply
           only where the shares are admitted on those markets, but their regulatory significance
           is limited compared to the Frankfurt and Munich exchanges.




                                             – 25 –
                        LETTER FROM THE BOARD

     In the context of securities regulation, the central authority in Germany, the Federal
     Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht,
     “BaFin”), is responsible for securities regulation and supervision. BaFin’s role is to
     oversees all German regulated securities markets, including prospectus approval,
     market abuse supervision, notification of major shareholdings, directors’ dealings, and
     takeover regulation. In addition, state-level authorities exercise operational oversight
     of exchange trading (Börsenaufsicht), but substantive securities regulation is
     exclusively handled by BaFin. According to the official website of IOSCO
     (https://www.iosco.org/v2/about/?subSection=mmou&subSection1=signatories, Signatories to
     Appendix A and Appendix B List), BaFin is also the regulatory authority overseeing
     listed companies to protect the interests of investors and ensure compliance in the
     capital market in Germany, is the signatory to the IOSCO Multilateral Memorandum
     of Understanding Concerning Consultation and Cooperation and the Exchange of
     Information (“IOSCO MMoU”).

(ii) As a listed company, the Target Company publishes its interim and annual financial
     reports on a regular basis in compliance with applicable German securities laws and
     regulations, which reports are prepared by the management of Puma SE and audited
     by its external auditors, KPMG AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft (for annual
     results).

(iii) KPMG AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft is a firm with an international name and
      reputation and registered in the commercial register of the Local Court of
      Berlin-Charlottenburg (HR B number 106191). In the public professional register
      maintained by the WPK (Wirtschaftsprüferkammer, German Chamber of Public
      Auditors), KPMG AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft is registered as a statutory
      auditor. The WPK, a member of the International Federation of Accountants (“IFAC”),
      is subject to public professional oversight by the APAS (Abschlussprüferaufsichtsstelle),
      the German Auditor Oversight Body, which operates under the Federal Office for
      Economic Affairs and Export Control (Bundesamt für Wirtschaft und Ausfuhrkontrolle).
      KPMG AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft is also a member firm of the reputable
      international accounting practice of KPMG International Limited, one of the big four
      international professional services firms.

(iv) According to public disclosure of the Target Company, its consolidated financial
     statements of were prepared in accordance with the “International Financial Reporting
     Standards (IFRS)” accounting standards issued by the International Accounting
     Standards Board (IASB), as they are to be applied in the EU (“IFRS-EU”), and the
     supplementary accounting principles to be applied in accordance with Section 315e(1)
     of the German Commercial Code (HGB). Puma SE’s auditors have issued unqualified
     audit opinions on Puma SE’s financial statements for the year ended 31 December
     2023 and 2024 and 2025.

     In addition, the consolidated financial statements of the Target Company were audited
     in accordance with Section 317 HGB and the EU Audit Regulation No 537/2014 (“EU



                                         – 26 –
                         LETTER FROM THE BOARD

      Audit Regulation”) and in compliance with German Generally Accepted Standards for
      Financial Statement Audits promulgated by the Institute of Public Auditors in
      Germany (Institut der Wirtschaftsprüfer, “IDW”).

(v)   Under the Listing Rules, both International Standards on Auditing (“ISA”) issued by
      the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board and Hong Kong Standards
      on Auditing (“HKSA”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
      Accountants are acceptable audit standards. With respect to the audit standards
      followed by the auditor of the Target Company, Section 317 HGB defines the scope
      and nature of a statutory audit for a company’s financial statements according to local
      regulations and practical requirements in Germany. In addition, EU Audit Regulation
      is a significant piece of legislation designed to enhance the quality of audits across the
      European Union. It specifically targets Public-Interest Entities (PIEs), which include
      listed companies, credit institutions, and insurance undertakings. It introduced strict
      requirements to focus on independence of auditors and professional skepticism. With
      respect to German Generally Accepted Standards for Financial Statement Audits
      promulgated by IDW, according to website of International Federation of Accountants
      (“IFAC”) (https://www.ifac.org/about-ifac/membership/profile/germany), IDW commenced a
      project in 2018 to adopt the German translation of the ISAs with specific German
      requirements (add-ons). The German language translations of ISAs are supplemented
      by add-ons necessary to reflect requirements under German (and EU law) and are
      applicable as “ISA-DE”, which have been applicable for audits of all financial
      statements since 15 December 2022. Accordingly, the German Generally Accepted
      Standards for Financial Statement Audits promulgated by IDW has adopted the ISA,
      adapted with specific “D-paragraphs” to account for local legal nuances. Based on the
      aforementioned information, the Company considers that the German Generally
      Accepted Standards for Financial Statement Audit are comparable to the Hong Kong
      Generally Accepted Standards (i.e. ISA, HKSA). Having considered the
      aforementioned information shown on the official website of IFAC and discussed with
      professional staff from the KPMG member firm in Germany, the Company’s auditor,
      KPMG, concurs with the Company’s conclusion.

(vi) The Company prepares its financial statements in accordance with both the HKFRS
     Accounting Standards and the IFRS Accounting Standards. Having reviewed the
     published financial statements of the Target Company, the Company understands that
     the historical financial statements of the Target Company for the three financial years
     ended 31 December 2023, 2024 and 2025 have been prepared in accordance with
     IFRS-EU. To the best knowledge of the Directors and after discussion with the
     Company’s auditor, KPMG, there is no material differences between the accounting
     standards adopted by the Target Company and the accounting standards adopted by the
     Company. The Company is of the view that the historical financial statements of the
     Target Company for the three financial years ended 31 December 2023, 2024 and 2025
     already included all information required to be disclosed in an accountants’ report
     under Chapter 4 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The Company’s auditor, KPMG,
     conducted a thorough review of the Target Company’s accounting policies as disclosed



                                          – 27 –
                        LETTER FROM THE BOARD

     in the published financial statements of the Target Company for the three years ended
     31 December 2023, 2024 and 2025, and compared them with those of the Company to
     identify any material differences. Based on these, KPMG concurred with the
     Company’s conclusion that there were no material differences between the accounting
     policies adopted by the Target Company and those adopted by the Company.
     Consequently, no reconciliation is presented in this circular.

(vii) As of the date hereof, the Acquisition has not been completed and the Company has
      not yet acquired the Target Shares. In addition, upon completion of the Acquisition,
      the Target Company will not become a subsidiary of the Company, which will fall
      within the scenario set out in Rule 14.67(6)(a).

(viii) The Company understands that, as a listed company, the Target Company has to
       comply with all applicable securities law and regulations, including preservation of
       material non-public information. In addition, as advised by the Company’s German
       legal advisers, even upon completion of the Acquisition, the equity interest to be held
       by Company in Puma SE will not entitle the Company to access any non-public
       information in Puma SE outside its shareholders’ meeting, including its financial
       information under applicable German law before it is being published. As such, given
       the Acquisition has not yet been completed, and is yet subject to regulatory clearance
       including but not limited to merger control, the Company considered that it is not
       entitled and not appropriate to request Puma SE to provide access to any of its
       non-public information to the Company or disclose such information in this circular.
       Therefore, it poses practical difficulties for the Company to obtain sufficient access to
       the underlying books and records of the Target Company, which is also a listed
       company with its financial statements audited in accordance with applicable rules and
       whose information is subject to unpublished price-sensitive restrictions under the
       listing rules of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. Nonetheless, such information would be
       essential for the Company’s auditor to conduct an audit or a review on the relevant
       financial information and analysis of other information of the Target Company for the
       purpose of complying with Rule 14.67(6)(a) of the Listing Rules.

(ix) The Company estimates that there would be considerable costs, resources and time
     expected to be incurred to prepare the accountants’ report of Puma SE in compliance
     with Rule 14.67(6)(a) of the Listing Rules and would not provide additional valuable
     information to the Shareholders. In terms of the costs, it is estimated that it would
     cost over EUR7 million to prepare an accountants’ report in compliance with Rule
     14.67(6)(a) of the Listing Rules for the financial years ended 31 December 2023, 2024
     and 2025. This estimate was based on the audit fee of Puma SE for the financial year
     ended 31 December 2025, which was EUR2.6 million. In terms of resources and time,
     Puma SE has over 100 subsidiaries operating in more than 120 countries. The
     resources and time required to liaise with and obtain the financial records,
     documentation, and other materials from Puma SE are expected to be substantial, and




                                         – 28 –
                            LETTER FROM THE BOARD

          it is expected to take more than 6 months for the Company’s auditor to complete the
          audit of Puma SE’s relevant financial information, which would be an undue burden
          on the Company.

ALTERNATIVE DISCLOSURE

      As an alternative to prepare and include the accountants’ report of Puma SE for the three
years ended 31 December 2025 in this circular, to facilitate the Shareholders and potential
investors of the Company to evaluate the Acquisition, the Company has included the audited
financial statements and the independent auditor’s report of the Target Company for the three
financial years ended 31 December 2025, as extracted from the annual reports of the Target
Company, which are set out in Appendix II to this circular. Having reviewed the published
financial statements of the Target Company, the Company understands that the historical
financial statements of the Target Company for the three financial years ended 31 December
2023, 2024 and 2025 have been prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU. To the best knowledge of
the Directors and after discussion with the Company’s auditor, KPMG, there is no material
differences between the accounting standards adopted by the Target Company and the accounting
standards adopted by the Company. The Company’s auditor, KPMG, conducted a thorough
review of the Target Company’s accounting policies as disclosed in the published financial
statements of the Target Company for the three years ended 31 December 2023, 2024 and 2025,
and compared them with those of the Company to identify any material differences. Based on
these, KPMG concurred with the Company’s conclusion that there were no material differences
between the accounting policies adopted by the Target Company and those adopted by the
Company.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

     Your attention is drawn to the additional information set out in the Appendices to this
circular.

                                                                     Yours faithfully,
                                                             For and on behalf of the Board of
                                                             ANTA Sports Products Limited
                                                                      Ding Shizhong
                                                                        Chairman




                                            – 29 –
APPENDIX I                          FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP

1.   FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP

     Details of the financial information of the Group for the three years ended 31 December
2023, 2024 and 2025 have been published and are available on the websites of the Stock
Exchange (www.hkex.com.hk) and the Company (ir.anta.com) respectively:

     (a)   the annual report of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2023 (pages 150 to
           235) published on 10 April 2024, available on:

           https://www1.hkexnews.hk/listedco/listconews/sehk/2024/0410/2024041000433.pdf

     (b)   the annual report of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2024 (pages 133 to
           219) published on 31 March 2025, available on:

           https://www1.hkexnews.hk/listedco/listconews/sehk/2025/0331/2025033100649.pdf

     (c)   the annual report of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2025 (pages 129 to
           219) published on 9 April 2026, available on:

           https://www1.hkexnews.hk/listedco/listconews/sehk/2026/0409/2026040900840.pdf

2.   STATEMENT OF INDEBTEDNESS OF THE GROUP

      As at 28 February 2026, being the Latest Practicable Date for the purpose of this statement
of indebtedness of the Group prior to the printing of this circular, the Group had unguaranteed
and unsecured bills payable (financing in nature) of approximately RMB10,900 million, bank
loans of approximately RMB1,225 million, comprising current unguaranteed and unsecured bank
loans of approximately RMB629 million and non-current unguaranteed and unsecured bank loans
of approximately RMB596 million, lease liabilities of approximately RMB7,925 million,
comprising current lease liabilities of approximately RMB3,579 million and non-current lease
liabilities of approximately RMB4,346 million, zero coupon convertible bonds, unguaranteed,
unsecured, listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange, due on 5 December 2029 of approximately
RMB10,986 million and an unissued quota of 2025–2027 Renminbi debt financing instruments
in the China Interbank Bond Market of RMB8,000 million.

     Save as disclosed above, the Group did not, as of the close of business on 28 February
2026, being the Latest Practicable Date for the purpose of ascertaining the indebtedness of the
Group prior to the printing of this circular, have any debt securities issued and outstanding, or
authorised or otherwise created but unissued, any other term loans, any other borrowings or
indebtedness in the nature of borrowings including bank overdrafts and liabilities under
acceptance (other than normal trade bills) or acceptance credits or hire purchase commitments,
any other mortgages and charges or any guarantees or any finance lease commitments or
contingent liabilities.




                                             – I-1 –
APPENDIX I                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP

3.   WORKING CAPITAL STATEMENT OF THE GROUP

     The Directors, after due and careful consideration, are of the opinion that, taking into
account the financial resources available to the Group, including internally generated funds and
the available facilities, and the impact of the Acquisition, the Group will have sufficient working
capital for its business for at least 12 months from the date of this circular.

     The Company has obtained the relevant confirmation as required under Rule 14.66(12) of
the Listing Rules.

4.   MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE

     At the Latest Practicable Date and to the best knowledge of the Directors, there was no
material adverse change in the financial or trading position of the Group since 31 December
2025 (being the date to which the latest published audited financial statements of the Group
were made up).

5.   FINANCIAL AND TRADING PROSPECTS OF THE GROUP

      Please refer to below for a statement on the financial and trading prospects of the Group, as
extracted from the annual report of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2025. The
Directors confirm that, as at the Latest Practicable Date, there have been no material changes to
the financial and trading prospects of the Group.

     Prospects

          Looking ahead to 2026, domestic economy is expected to maintain steady growth
     despite uncertainties in the macroeconomic and consumer landscape. As the inaugural year
     of the country’s 15th Five-Year Plan, national efforts to expand domestic demand should
     continue to underpin a stable and sizeable sportswear market. We anticipate both the
     professional and athleisure segments to deliver steady growth, alongside rapid expansion in
     outdoor sports, collectively driving stable overall industry growth. With a clear strategic
     roadmap, the Group will adhere to its “Single-focus, Multi-brand, Globalization” strategy,
     maintaining a long-term approach to drive sustainable, high quality growth.

          As the Group’s cornerstone brands, ANTA and FILA will deepen consumer mindshare,
     develop their market-recognized hero products, and enhance retail operational efficiency.
     Leveraging their scale and operational advantages, they aim to reinforce their foundations
     for delivering steady and sustainable growth. DESCENTE and KOLON SPORT, positioned
     as the growth brands, will maintain their focus on the outdoor and professional sports
     arenas. By sharpening their professional positioning, both brands are expected to sustain
     rapid expansion. Meanwhile, the Group will continue to nurture the potential of
     incubation-stage brands, including MAIA ACTIVE and JACK WOLFSKIN, by crafting
     high-quality products aligned with each brand’s unique identity. JACK WOLFSKIN has




                                             – I-2 –
APPENDIX I                         FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP

   already established itself as an all-scenario professional hiking brand and will unlock its
   brand value through well-matched products and distribution channels.

         The Group will continue to anchor its development on two core pillars, product and
   operations, to drive high-quality growth through superior merchandise and efficient
   execution. On the product side, each brand will formulate medium-term product strategies
   centered on core categories, bestselling items and hero products to strengthen consumer
   recognition and enhance efficiency across the full product lifecycle. Operationally, all
   brands will prioritize operational excellence, with a focus on improving quality and
   efficiency, maintaining healthy inventory levels, enforcing stringent quality standards for
   new stores, and strengthening overall retail performance.

        Southeast Asia serves as a key strategic bridgehead for the Group’s globalization. The
   Group is now actively advancing the “ANTA Southeast Asia Thousand Stores Plan”, with
   the goal of establishing 1,000 points of sales for ANTA across the region by 2028.
   Additionally, the Group is actively investing in local digitalization, logistics and supply
   chain infrastructure, while gradually expanding into adjacent markets such as South Asia,
   Australia, New Zealand and India, applying our proven operational knowledge from
   Southeast Asia to these new regions.

        From a mid- to long-term perspective, the Group will continue to invest in its future
   development, focusing on four core strategic priorities: First, optimizing brand resources
   and making strategic deployments across its distribution channels. Second, strengthening
   core product capabilities by recruiting and nurturing design talent, upgrading craftsmanship
   and advancing collaborative innovation with academic and research partners to boost
   product competitiveness. Third, expanding overseas markets by building overseas channels
   and supply chain capabilities to accelerate globalization. Fourth, accelerating digitalization
   and AI development to empower efficient business growth through technology and establish
   a solid foundation for the Group’s mid- and long-term growth.




                                           – I-3 –
APPENDIX II                   FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

A.   AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER
     2025

     The following is an extract of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Target
Group for the year ended 31 December 2025, which were prepared in accordance with IFRS,
from the Target Group’s Annual Report 2025 (pages 231 – 349).

     Specific page/section references mentioned in the audited consolidated financial statements
of the Target Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 are referred to in the Target Group’s
Annual Report 2025 which is available free of charge, in read-only, printable format on the
Target Group’s website at https://about.puma.com/en/investor-relations/financial-publications.




                                            – II-1 –
APPENDIX II                      FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

T.01 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF PUMA SE

                                                           31/12/2025   31/12/2024
                                                   Notes    € million    € million

Assets
Cash and cash equivalents                            3          290.0        368.2
Inventories                                          4        2,060.0      2,013.7
Trade receivables                                    5          913.4      1,246.5
Income tax receivables                              22          103.4         87.6
Other current financial assets                      6            85.8        328.3
Other current assets                                 7          317.7        260.9


Current assets                                                3,770.3      4,305.2


Deferred tax assets                                  8          211.0        243.6
Property, plant and equipment                        9          712.3        765.7
Right-of-use assets                                 10        1,103.8      1,116.8
Intangible assets                                   11          547.2        585.8
Other non-current financial assets                  12           60.2         95.4
Other non-current assets                            12           49.7         28.1


Non-current assets                                            2,684.3      2,835.4


Total assets                                                  6,454.6      7,140.6


Liabilities and equity
Current borrowings                                  13          929.3        131.6
Trade payables                                      13        1,271.4      1,893.5
Income tax liabilities                              22           54.5         69.1
Current lease liabilities                           10          217.6        220.6
Other current provisions                            16           56.5         39.0
Other current financial liabilities                 13          144.1         47.1
Other current liabilities                           13          523.4        470.0


Current liabilities                                           3,196.8      2,870.9




                                        – II-2 –
APPENDIX II                     FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

                                                                 31/12/2025   31/12/2024
                                                        Notes     € million    € million

Non-current borrowings                                   13           424.2        356.4
Non-current lease liabilities                            10         1,011.2      1,010.0
Deferred tax liabilities                                  8             5.2         14.2
Pension provisions                                       15            25.6         27.3
Other non-current provisions                             16            26.4         29.3
Other non-current financial liabilities                  13             3.7          2.9
Other non-current liabilities                            13             0.6          1.1


Non-current liabilities                                             1,496.9      1,441.0


Subscribed capital                                       17           148.0        149.7
Capital reserve                                          17            97.7         94.8
Other reserves                                           17         1,532.8      2,602.5
Treasury shares                                          17           -17.6        -19.3
Equity attributable to the shareholders of
  PUMA SE                                                           1,760.9      2,827.7
Non-controlling interests                               17, 29          0.0          0.9


Total equity                                                        1,760.9      2,828.6


Total liabilities and equity                                        6,454.6      7,140.6




                                             – II-3 –
APPENDIX II                   FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT

T.02 CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT OF PUMA SE

                                                                     2025        2024
                                                        Notes    € million   € million

Sales                                                   19, 25     7,296.2     8,398.0
Cost of sales                                             25      -4,016.5    -4,400.2


Gross profit                                             25        3,279.6     3,997.8
Royalty and commission income                                         92.4        88.5
Other operating income and expenses                      20       -3,729.3    -3,537.7


  Thereof impairment losses on trade
    receivables and other financial assets                           -29.2        -1.9

Operating result (EBIT)                                            -357.2       548.7


Financial income                                         21          75.0       137.3
Financial expenses                                       21        -240.7      -286.3


Financial result                                                   -165.7      -149.0


Loss/Earnings before taxes (EBT)                                   -522.9       399.7
Income taxes                                             22        -120.7      -119.0


Loss/Gain from continued operations                                -643.6       280.7
Profit from discontinued operations, net of tax          24          28.4        61.7


Consolidated loss/net income of the year                           -615.2       342.3


Attributable to:
  Non-controlling interests                             17, 29       30.3        60.7

Consolidated net income attributable to the
 shareholders of PUMA SE                                           -645.5       281.6




                                             – II-4 –
APPENDIX II                 FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

                                                                2025        2024
                                                    Notes   € million   € million

Earnings per share
Earnings per share ( € )                             23         -4.38       1.89
Earnings per share ( € ) – diluted                   23         -4.38       1.89
Earnings per share from continued operations
Earnings per share from continued operations
  (€)                                                23         -4.37       1.88
Earnings per share from continued operations
  ( € ) - diluted                                    23         -4.37       1.88
Weighted average number of outstanding shares
  (million shares)                                   23       147.41      149.32
Weighted average number of outstanding shares,
  diluted (million shares)                           23       147.53      149.38




                                         – II-5 –
APPENDIX II                   FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

T.03 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME OF PUMA SE

                                                                   2025        2024
                                                       Notes   € million   € million

Consolidated loss/net income of the year                         -615.2       342.3


Foreign exchange differences                                     -181.1        84.2
Net gain/loss on cash flow hedges, net after tax        14       -140.1        94.4
Net gain/loss on cost of hedging reserve –
  options, net after tax                                14         -11.8       11.3
Net gain/loss on cost of hedging reserve –
  forward contracts, net after tax                      14         19.2        -16.3


Items that may be reclassified subsequently to
  profit or loss:                                                -313.8       173.7


Remeasurements of the net defined benefit
  liability, net after tax                              15           1.9        -2.8
Neutral effects financial assets through other
  comprehensive income (FVOCI), net after tax           14           0.9        -2.8


Items that will not be reclassified
  subsequently to profit or loss                                     2.7        -5.5


Other comprehensive income                                       -311.1       168.1


Total comprehensive income                                       -926.3       510.5


Attributable to:
  Non-controlling interests                                        29.7        61.3

  Shareholders of PUMA SE                                        -956.0       449.2




                                            – II-6 –
APPENDIX II                   FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

T.04 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS OF PUMA SE

                                                                     2025        2024
                                                       Notes     € million   € million

Loss/Earnings before taxes (EBT)                                   -522.9       399.7
Earnings before taxes (EBT) from discontinued
  operations                                             24          29.5        62.6


Loss/Earnings before taxes (EBT) – Total                           -493.3       462.3


Adjustments for:
 Depreciation, amortisation and impairment
    losses                                         9, 10, 11        475.1       386.9
 Reversal of impairment losses                     9, 10, 11         -1.3       -29.4
 Unrealised foreign exchange gains/losses, net                       87.0       -57.4
 Financial income                                        21         -13.4       -31.7
 Financial expenses                                      21         122.7       128.4
 Gains/losses from the sale of fixed assets                           1.6         0.2
 Changes to pension provisions                           15           0.4         0.2
 Other non cash effected expenses/income                             29.6        18.7


Gross cash flow                                                     208.4       878.2
Changes in receivables and other current assets        5, 6, 7      239.2      -231.5
Changes in inventories                                    4        -283.3      -218.2
Changes in trade payables and other current
  liabilities                                            13        -385.2       380.3


Cash flows from operating activities before
  taxes and dividends received                                     -220.9       808.9
Dividends received                                       12           0.4         0.4
Income taxes paid                                        22         -98.8      -114.4


Cash flows from operating activities                               -319.3       694.8




                                            – II-7 –
APPENDIX II                    FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

                                                                     2025        2024
                                                        Notes    € million   € million

Investing activities
Purchase of fixed assets                                9, 11      -206.3      -263.0
Proceeds from sale of fixed assets                                    9.9         8.7
Payments for other assets                                12         -27.7        -7.6
Interest received                                        21          13.0        31.4


Cash flows from investing activities                               -211.0      -230.5


Financing activities
Repayment of lease liabilities                           10        -247.8      -222.5
Repayment of current borrowings                          13         -76.2      -125.0
Raising of current borrowings                            13         730.8        39.0
Raising of non-current borrowings                        13         275.0         0.0
Dividend distribution to shareholders of
  PUMA SE                                                 17        -89.8      -122.8
Dividend distribution to non-controlling interests      17, 29      -15.8       -89.4
Repurchase of treasury shares                             17        -59.7       -50.0
Interest paid                                             21       -119.7      -127.2


Cash flows from financing activities                                396.9      -697.8


Foreign exchange-related changes in cash and
  cash equivalents                                                    55.2       48.8
Change in cash and cash equivalents                                  -78.2     -184.7
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of
  the financial year                                                368.2       552.9


Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the
 financial year                                         3, 26       290.0       368.2




                                             – II-8 –
APPENDIX II                                                  FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

T.05 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY OF PUMA SE

                                                                                              Other reserves
                                                                       Revenue Difference                                Reserve for
                                                                       reserves       from                 Reserve for      hedging
                                                                           incl.    foreign      Cash flow    hedging        costs –                                Non-
                                               Subscribed    Capital   retained   currency          hedge      costs –      forward    Treasury Shareholders’ controlling    Total
                                         Notes     capital   reserve   earnings translation        reserve     options     contracts     shares        equity   interests   equity

31 December 2023                                     150.8      93.8    2,677.0      -342.7            -3.9        0.0           0.0      -21.6       2,553.4        28.9   2,582.3
Transition effect IFRS 9 (hedge
  accounting), net after tax                                               -4.9                                   -1.3           6.2                      0.0                   0.0


1 January 2024                                       150.8      93.8    2,672.1      -342.7            -3.9       -1.3           6.2      -21.6       2,553.4        28.9   2,582.3
Consolidated loss/net income of the
  year                                                                   281.6                                                                         281.6         60.7    342.3
Other comprehensive income                                                -5.5         83.5           94.5        11.3         -16.3                   167.5          0.6    168.1


Total comprehensive income                             0.0       0.0     276.1         83.5           94.5        11.3         -16.3        0.0        449.2         61.3    510.5


Hedging gains and losses transferred
  to cost of inventory                                                                                 -4.3                                              -4.3                  -4.3
Dividend distribution to shareholders
  of PUMA SE/non-controlling
  interests                                                              -122.8                                                                       -122.8        -89.4   -212.1
Share-based payment and
  utilisation/issue of treasury shares                          -0.1                                                                        2.4           2.3                   2.3
Repurchase of treasury shares             17                                                                                              -50.0         -50.0                 -50.0
Cancellation of treasury shares           17          -1.1       1.1      -49.9                                                            49.9
Changes in the scope of consolidation                                                  -0.1                                                              -0.1                  -0.1


31 December 2024                                     149.7      94.8    2,775.6      -259.3           86.4        10.0         -10.1      -19.3       2,827.7         0.9   2,828.6




                                                                                   – II-9 –
APPENDIX II                                                     FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

                                                                                                  Other reserves
                                                                           Revenue Difference                                Reserve for
                                                                           reserves       from                 Reserve for      hedging
                                                                               incl.    foreign      Cash flow    hedging        costs –                                Non-
                                                  Subscribed     Capital   retained   currency          hedge      costs –      forward    Treasury Shareholders’ controlling
                                            Notes     capital    reserve   earnings translation        reserve     options     contracts     shares        equity   interests Total equity

1 January 2025                                          149.7       94.8    2,775.6      -259.3           86.4        10.0         -10.1      -19.3       2,827.7         0.9      2,828.6
Consolidated loss/net income of the year                                     -645.5                                                                        -645.5        30.3       -615.2
Other comprehensive income                                                      2.7      -180.4         -140.2       -11.8          19.2                   -310.5        -0.6       -311.1


Total comprehensive income                                0.0        0.0     -642.7      -180.4         -140.2       -11.8          19.2        0.0        -956.0        29.7       -926.3


Hedging gains and losses transferred to
  cost of inventory                                                                                       33.7                                              33.7                      33.7
Dividend distribution to shareholders of
  PUMA SE/non-controlling interests                                           -89.8                                                                         -89.8       -15.8       -105.6
Share-based payment and utilisation/issue
  of treasury shares                                                 1.3        1.6                                                             1.6           4.5                      4.5
Repurchase of treasury shares                17                                                                                               -59.7         -59.7                    -59.7
Cancellation of treasury shares              17          -1.7        1.6      -59.7                                                            59.8           0.0                      0.0
Changes in the scope of consolidation                                                       0.4                                                               0.4       -14.8        -14.4


31 December 2025                                        148.0       97.7    1,985.0      -439.3           -20.2       -1.8           9.1      -17.6       1,760.9         0.0      1,760.9




                                                                                      – II-10 –
APPENDIX II                          FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1.    FUNDAMENTALS

       Under the PUMA and Cobra Golf brand names, PUMA SE and its subsidiaries are engaged in the development
and sale of a broad range of sports and sports lifestyle products, including footwear, apparel and accessories. The
company is a European stock corporation (Societas Europaea/SE) and parent company of the PUMA Group; its
registered office is on PUMA WAY 1, 91074 Herzogenaurach, Germany. The competent registry court is in Fürth
(Bavaria), the register number is HRB 13085.

      The consolidated financial statements of PUMA SE and its subsidiaries (hereinafter referred to in short as the
“Group” or “PUMA”) were prepared in accordance with the “International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)”
accounting standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB), as they are to be applied in the
EU, and the supplementary accounting principles to be applied in accordance with § 315e(1) of the German
Commercial Code (HGB). All of the IASB standards and interpretations, as they are to be applied in the EU, which are
mandatory for financial years as of 1 January 2025, have been applied.

      The items contained in the financial statements of the individual Group companies are measured based on the
currency that corresponds to the currency of the primary economic environment in which the Company operates. The
consolidated financial statements are prepared in euros (EUR or €). The presentation of amounts in millions of euros
with one decimal place may lead to rounding differences since the calculation of individual items is based on figures
presented in thousands.

      The cost of sales method is applied to the consolidated income statement.

      The following new or amended standards and interpretations have been used for the first time in the current
financial year:

      T.06 NEW AND AMENDED STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS

      Standard                                   Titel

      First time adoption in the current
        financial year
      Amendments to IAS 21                       Lack of exchangeability of currencies

    The amendment to the standards, which was to be initially adopted as of 1 January 2025, did not affect the
PUMA consolidated financial statements.




                                                     – II-11 –
APPENDIX II                         FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

     NEW, BUT NOT YET MANDATORY, STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS

            The following standards and interpretations have been released but will only become effective in later
     reporting periods and are not applied earlier by the Group:

           T.07 NEW, BUT NOT YET MANDATORY, STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS

                                                                                                   Planned first
           Standard Endorsed              Titel                              Date of adoption 1    time application

           Endorsed
           Amendments to IFRS 9 and       Contracts relating to              01/01/2026            01/01/2026
             IFRS 7                         nature-dependent electricity
           AIP volume 11                  Annual improvements to IFRS        01/01/2026            01/01/2026
           Amendments to IFRS 9 and       Changes in the classification      01/01/2026            01/01/2026
             IFRS 7                         and measurement of
                                            financial instruments
           Endorsement pending
           IFRS 18                        Presentation and Disclosures in    01/01/2027            01/01/2027
                                            Financial Statements
           IFRS 19 and Amendments         Subsidiaries without Public        01/01/2027            01/01/2027
             IFRS 19                        Accountability: Disclosures
           Amendments to IAS 21           Translation into                   01/01/2027            01/01/2027
                                            hyperinflationary
                                            presentation currency

           1
                 Adjusted by EU endorsement, if applicable

            With the exception of IFRS 18, PUMA does not expect that these amendments will have any significant
     effects on the net assets, financial position and results of operations.

            IFRS 18 will replace the previous standard, IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements. Many IAS 1
     requirements remain unchanged and have been supplemented with additional requirements. IFRS 18 aims to
     improve the presentation of financial information and to make financial statements more transparent and
     comparable. The main new features of IFRS 18 are that two mandatory subtotals have been introduced in the
     income statement: operating profit or loss and profit or loss before financing and income taxes. These subtotals
     are based on the classification of income and expenses in the following categories: the operating category, the
     investing category and the financing category. Furthermore, the income taxes category and the income from
     discontinued operations category are presented. The requirements of IFRS 18 also introduce additional notes
     disclosures, for example on management-defined performance measures (MPMs). These are key performance
     indicators publicly communicated by management separately from the consolidated financial statements that are
     not specified by IFRS accounting standards. In addition, IFRS 18 contains new guidelines aimed at improving
     the aggregation and disaggregation of items presented in the financial statements. PUMA assumes that the
     application of IFRS 18 may have an impact on the consolidated financial statements in future periods. PUMA
     will apply the new standard from the mandatory effective date, 1 January 2027. Since retrospective application is
     required, comparative information for the financial year ending 31 December 2026 will be adjusted in accordance
     with IFRS 18. The impacts of the amendments on the consolidated financial statements still need to be further
     assessed and evaluated.

2.   SIGNIFICANT CONSOLIDATION, ACCOUNTING AND VALUATION PRINCIPLES

     CONSOLIDATION PRINCIPLES

           The consolidated financial statements were prepared as of 31 December 2025, the reporting date of the
     annual financial statements of the PUMA SE parent company, on the basis of uniform accounting and valuation
     principles according to IFRS, as applied in the EU.




                                                    – II-12 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

   CHANGE IN GROUP OF CONSOLIDATED COMPANIES

          In addition to PUMA SE, the consolidated financial statements include all subsidiaries in which PUMA SE
   directly or indirectly holds existing rights that give it the current ability to direct the relevant activities. At
   present, control of all Group companies is based on a direct or indirect majority of voting rights.

         Associated companies are generally accounted for in the Group using the equity method. As of 31
   December 2025, however, the Group does not hold any investments in associated companies. The changes in the
   number of Group companies (including the parent company PUMA SE) in the financial year 2025 were as
   follows:

         T.08 CHANGE IN GROUP OF CONSOLIDATED COMPANIES

         As of                                                                      31/12/2024                    102
         Formation of companies                                                                                     0
         Disposal of companies                                                                                     -8


         As of                                                                      31/12/2025                     94


         The disposals in the group of consolidated companies relate to the merger of Puma Retail AG, Switzerland,
   within the group of consolidated companies and the liquidation of PUMA United Aviation North America LLC,
   USA, and PUMANILA IT SERVICES INC, Philippines. In the financial year, Nrotert Sweden AB, Sweden, and
   Nrotert AB Sweden, Sweden, were also sold.

         The changes in the group of consolidated companies did not have a significant effect on the net assets,
   financial position and results of operations.

         Furthermore, the companies PUMA United Canada ULC, PUMA United North America LLC and Janed
   Canada LLC were sold as of 31 October 2025 and are reported separately as discontinued operations in the
   Consolidated Income Statement in accordance with IAS 1.82(ea). The prior-year figures were adjusted
   accordingly. The disclosures on the Consolidated Income Statement therefore only include continuing operations.
   The deconsolidation effect is reported in the Consolidated Income Statement under the item Profit from
   discontinued operations. We refer to Chapter 24.




                                                   – II-13 –
APPENDIX II                   FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      The Group companies are allocated to regions as follows:

      T.09 LIST OF SHAREHOLDINGS OF PUMA SE AS OF 31 DECEMBER 2025

                                                                                                  Share of
      No.   Company                          Country             City               Shareholder    capital

            Parent company
      1.    PUMA SE                          Germany             Herzogenaurach

            EMEA
      2.    Austria Puma Dassler             Austria             Salzburg           direct           100%
               Gesellschaft m.b.H.
      3.    stichd austria gmbh              Austria             Salzburg           indirect         100%
      4.    Puma Czech Republic s.r.o.       Czech Republic      Prague             indirect         100%
      5.    PUMA DENMARK A/S                 Denmark             Aarhus             indirect         100%
      6.    PUMA Estonia OÜ                  Estonia             Tallinn            indirect         100%
      7.    PUMA Finland Oy                  Finland             Helsinki           indirect         100%
      8.    PUMA FRANCE SAS                  France              Strasbourg         indirect         100%
      9.    stichd france SAS                France              Boulogne           indirect         100%
                                                                   Billancourt
      10.   PUMA International Trading       Germany             Herzogenaurach     direct           100%
               GmbH
      11.   PUMA Europe GmbH                 Germany             Herzogenaurach     direct           100%
      12.   PUMA Central Europe GmbH         Germany             Herzogenaurach     indirect         100%
      13.   PUMA Sprint GmbH                 Germany             Herzogenaurach     direct           100%
      14.   PUMA Mostro GmbH                 Germany             Herzogenaurach     indirect         100%
      15.   PUMA Blue Sea GmbH               Germany             Herzogenaurach     indirect         100%
      16.   stichd germany gmbh              Germany             Düsseldorf         indirect         100%
      17.   PUMA UNITED KINGDOM              Great Britain       Castleford         indirect         100%
               LTD
      18.   PUMA PREMIER LTD                 Great Britain       Castleford         indirect         100%
      19.   STICHD UK LTD                    Great Britain       Mansfield          indirect         100%
      20.   STICHD                           Great Britain       London             indirect         100%
               SPORTMERCHANDISING
               UK LTD
      21.   GENESIS GROUP                    Great Britain       Manchester         indirect         100%
               INTERNATIONAL
               LIMITED
      22.   Sport Equipment Hellas S. A.     Greece              Athens             direct          100% 1)
               of Footwear, Apparel and
               Sportswear u.Li.
      23.   PUMA ITALIA S.R.L.               Italy               Assago             indirect         100%
      24.   STICHD ITALY SRL                 Italy               Assago             indirect         100%
      25.   Puma Benelux B.V.                Netherlands         Leusden            direct           100%
      26.   PUMA International Sports        Netherlands         Utrecht            direct           100%
               Marketing B.V.
      27.   stichd group B.V.                Netherlands         ’s-Hertogenbosch   direct           100%
      28.   stichd international B.V.        Netherlands         ’s-Hertogenbosch   indirect         100%
      29.   stichd sportmerchandising B.V.   Netherlands         ’s-Hertogenbosch   indirect         100%
      30.   stichd B.V.                      Netherlands         ’s-Hertogenbosch   indirect         100%
      31.   stichd logistics B.V.            Netherlands         ’s-Hertogenbosch   indirect         100%
      32.   stichd licensing B.V.            Netherlands         ’s-Hertogenbosch   indirect         100%
      33.   PUMA NORWAY AS                   Norway              Fornebu            indirect         100%
      34.   PUMA POLSKA sp. z o.o.           Poland              Warsaw             indirect         100%




                                              – II-14 –
APPENDIX II                    FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

                                                                                      Share of
      No.   Company                       Country        City           Shareholder    capital

      35.   PUMA SPORTS ROMANIA           Romania        Bucharest      indirect         100%
              SRL
      36.   PUMA-RUS o.o.o.               Russia         Moscow         indirect         100%
      37.   PUMA SPORTS S A (PTY)         South Africa   Cape Town      indirect         100%
              LTD
      38.   PUMA IBERIA SLU               Spain          Madrid         direct           100%
      39.   STICHDIBERIA S.L.             Spain          Cornella de    indirect         100%
                                                            Llobregat
      40.   PUMA Nordic AB                Sweden         Solna          indirect         100%
      41.   stichd nordic AB              Sweden         Helsingborg    indirect         100%
      42.   MOUNT PUMA AG                 Switzerland    Spreitenbach   direct           100%
      43.   stichd switzerland ag         Switzerland    Egerkingen     indirect         100%
      44.   PUMA Spor Giyim Sanayi ve     Türkiye        Istanbul       indirect         100%
               Ticaret A.S.
      45.   PUMA UKRAINE LIMITED          Ukraine        Kiew           indirect         100%
               LIABILITY COMPANY
      46.   PUMA Middle East FZ-LLC       United Arab    Dubai          indirect         100%
                                           Emirates
      47.   PUMA UAE (L.L.C)              United Arab    Dubai          indirect         100%
                                           Emirates
      48.   stichd sportmerchandising     United Arab    Abu Dhabi      indirect         100%
               general trading L.L.C. –    Emirates
               O.P.C.
      49.   stichd sportmerchandising     Qatar          Doha           indirect         100%
               sports trading WLL

            America
      50.   PUMA Sports Argentina S.A.    Argentina      Buenos Aires   indirect         100%
               (former Unisol S.A.)
      51.   PUMA Sports Ltda.             Brazil         Sao Paulo      indirect         100%
      52.   PUMA Canada, Inc.             Canada         Toronto        indirect         100%
      53.   PUMA CHILE SpA                Chile          Santiago       direct           100%
      54.   PUMA SERVICIOS SpA            Chile          Santiago       indirect         100%
      55.   PUMA México Sport, S.A. de    Mexico         Mexico City    direct           100%
               C.V.
      56.   Importaciones RDS, S.A. de    Mexico         Mexico City    direct           100%
               C.V.
      57.   GLOBAL LICENSE STICHD         Mexico         Mexico City    indirect         100%
               GROUP MEXICO S.A. de
               C.V.
      58.   Importationes Brand Plus      Mexico         Mexico City    indirect         100%
               Licensing S.A. de C.V.
      59.   Distribuidora Deportiva       Peru           Lima           indirect         100%
               PUMA S.A.C.
      60.   Distribuidora Deportiva       Peru           Tacna          indirect         100%
               PUMA Tacna S.A.C.
      61.   PUMA Sports LA S.A.           Uruguay        Montevideo     direct          100%
      62.   PUMA Suede Holding, Inc.      USA            Wilmington     indirect        100%
      63.   PUMA North America, Inc.      USA            Wilmington     indirect        100%
      64.   Cobra Golf Incorporated       USA            Wilmington     indirect        100%
      65.   PUMA United Canada            USA            Wilmington     indirect        100%
               Holding, Inc.
      66.   stichd NA, Inc.               USA            Wilmington     indirect        100%




                                           – II-15 –
APPENDIX II                   FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

                                                                                             Share of
      No.   Company                          Country          City             Shareholder    capital

      67.   PUMA Card Services NA,           USA              Plantation       indirect         100%
              LLC.

            Asia/Pacific
      68.   PUMA Australia Pty. Ltd.         Australia        Melbourne        indirect         100%
      69.   White Diamond Australia Pty.     Australia        Melbourne        indirect         100%
               Ltd.
      70.   White Diamond Properties Pty.    Australia        Melbourne        indirect         100%
               Ltd.
      71.   PUMA China Ltd. (彪馬(上            China            Shanghai         indirect         100%
               海)商貿有限公司)
      72.   stichd Trading (Shanghai) Co.,   China            Shanghai         indirect         100%
               Ltd. (斯梯起特貿易(上海)有
               限公司)
      73.   Guangzhou World Cat              China            Guangzhou        indirect         100%
               Information Consulting
               Services Company Ltd.
               (廣州寰彪信息咨询服務有限
               公司)
      74.   World Cat Ltd. (寰彪有限公            China            Hong Kong        direct           100%
               司)
      75.   Development Services Ltd.        China            Hong Kong        direct           100%
      76.   PUMA International Trading       China            Hong Kong        indirect         100%
               Services Ltd.
      77.   PUMA ASIA PACIFIC LTD            China            Hong Kong        direct           100%
               (彪馬亞太區有限公司)
      78.   PUMA Hong Kong Ltd. (彪馬          China            Hong Kong        indirect         100%
               香港有限公司)
      79.   stichd Limited                   China            Hong Kong        indirect         100%
      80.   PUMA Sports India Private        India            Bangalore        indirect         100%
               Ltd.
      81.   PT PUMA Cat Indonesia            Indonesia        Jakarta          indirect         100%
      82.   PT PUMA Sports Indonesia         Indonesia        Jakarta          indirect         100%
      83.   PUMA Japan K.K.                  Japan            Tokyo            indirect         100%
               (プーマジャパン株式會社)
      84.   PUMA Korea Ltd.                  (South) Korea    Seoul            direct           100%

      85.   Stichd Korea Ltd                 (South) Korea    Incheon          indirect         100%
      86.   PUMA Sports Goods Sdn.           Malaysia         Petaling Jaya    indirect         100%
              Bhd.
      87.   STICHD SOUTHEAST ASIA            Malaysia         Kuala Lumpur     indirect         100%
              SDN. BHD.
      88.   PUMA New Zealand Ltd.            New Zealand      Auckland         indirect         100%
      89.   PUMA Sports Philippines Inc.     Philippines      City of Makati   indirect         100%
      90.   PUMA SOUTH EAST ASIA             Singapore                         indirect         100%
              PTE. LTD.
      91.   PUMA Taiwan Sports Ltd. (台       China (Taiwan)   Taipei           indirect         100%
              灣彪馬股份有限公司)
      92.   PUMA Sports (Thailand) Co.,      Thailand         Bangkok          indirect         100%
              Ltd.




                                              – II-16 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

                                                                                                             Share of
         No.   Company                            Country               City                 Shareholder      capital

         93.   World Cat Vietnam Sourcing         Vietnam               Ho Chi Minh City     indirect            100%
                & Development Services
                Company Limited



         94.   PUMA Sports Vietnam Co Ltd         Vietnam               Ho Chi Minh City     indirect            100%

         1)    subsidiaries which are assigned to be economically 100% PUMA Group

         2)    This list is part of PUMA’s 2025 Sustainability Statement in accordance with ESRS 2 SBM-1.

         PUMA Mostro GmbH, PUMA Blue Sea GmbH and PUMA Sprint GmbH have made use of the exemption
   provision under § 264(3) of the German Commercial Code (HGB). PUMA Europe GmbH, PUMA International
   Trading GmbH and PUMA Central Europe GmbH have also made use of the exemption provision under § 264(3)
   HGB, but waive the exemption from the third subsection.

         In accordance with § 403 of the second book of the Dutch Civil Code (§ 2:403 BW), with effect from 1
   January 2023, PUMA SE shall be jointly and severally liable for debts arising from legal transactions of the
   following Dutch subsidiaries with registered office in ’s-Hertogenbosch (De Waterman 2, 5215 MX): stichd
   group B.V., stichd sport merchandising B.V., stichd licensing B.V., stichd international B.V., stichd logistics B.V.
   and stichd B.V.

   CURRENCY CONVERSION

         In general, monetary items in foreign currencies are converted in the individual financial statements of the
   Group companies at the exchange rate valid on the balance sheet date. Any resulting currency gains and losses
   are immediately recognised in the income statement. Non-monetary items are converted at historical acquisition
   and manufacturing cost.

          The assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries, whose functional currency is not the euro, have been
   converted to euros at the exchange rates valid on the balance sheet date. Expenses and income have been
   converted at the annual average exchange rates. Any differences resulting from the currency conversion of net
   assets relative to exchange rates that had changed in comparison with the previous year were adjusted directly in
   other comprehensive income.

         The significant conversion rates per euro are as follows:

         T.10 SIGNIFICANT FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATES

                                                             2025                                 2024
                                                  Closing rate                         Closing rate
                                                           on          Average                  on          Average
         Currency                                31 December      exchange rate       31 December      exchange rate

         USD                                           1.1750             1.1300             1.0389            1.0824
         CNY                                           8.2262             8.1201             7.5833            7.7875
         JPY                                         184.0900           169.0435           163.0600          163.8519
         MXN                                          21.1180            21.6705            21.5504           19.8314

          Argentina and Türkiye are in a hyperinflation environment. In 2022, the subsidiaries whose functional
   currency is the Argentine peso or the Turkish lira applied the accounting for hyperinflation economies in
   accordance with IAS 29 for the first time, with retroactive effect from 1 January 2022. The carrying amounts of
   non-monetary assets and liabilities, shareholders’ equity and other comprehensive income are translated into the
   unit of measurement applicable at the balance sheet date and thus adjusted to reflect price changes. The financial




                                                    – II-17 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

   statements are based on the concept of historical acquisition and/or production costs. The exchange rate as of 31
   December 2025 was used for conversion into the reporting currency, the euro, for all items.

          Gains and losses on the net monetary position are included in the financial result. In the 2025 financial
   year, the gain on the net monetary position amounts to €-2.6 million (previous year: €2.1 million). The amount
   also includes interest income from invested cash and cash equivalents in accordance with IAS 29.28.

         The price index used for Türkiye as of 31 December 2025 was 3,513.9 (31 December 2024: 2,684.6) and is
   based on the consumer price index. The general price index used for Argentina as of 31 December 2025 was
   10,097.2 (31 December 2024: 7,686.2).

   ACCOUNTING AND VALUATION PRINCIPLES

   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

          Financial instruments are classified and recognised in accordance with IFRS 9. Acquisitions and disposals
   of financial assets, with the exception of trade receivables, are initially recognised on the settlement date and are
   recorded at fair value.

          For investments (equity instruments), IFRS 9 allows a measurement at fair value through other
   comprehensive income (FVOCI) under certain conditions. If these investments, however, are disposed of or
   adjusted in value, the gains and losses from these investments which were not realised up to this point are
   reclassified to retained earnings in accordance with IFRS 9.

   DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS/HEDGE ACCOUNTING

          PUMA applied the provisions of IFRS 9 for Phase 3 hedge accounting for the first time as of 1 January
   2024. Previously, the option of continuing to apply IAS 39 for hedge accounting was exercised. For reasons of
   materiality, PUMA did not restate comparative information for previous periods. Consequently, an adjustment
   was made to the opening balance sheet as of 1 January 2024. For existing Cash Flow hedge relationships, the
   hedging cost approach was applied retrospectively on a mandatory basis for options held as at the opening date
   and voluntarily for the components of forward exchange contracts excluded from the designation. This resulted
   in a correction of the opening balance sheet in the previous year in a high single-digit million euro amount, with
   the amount being withdrawn from retained earnings and allocated to other comprehensive income.

         Derivative financial instruments are recognised at fair value at the time a contract is entered into and
   thereafter. At the time a hedging instrument is concluded, PUMA classifies the derivatives as hedges of a planned
   transaction and hedging variable interest flows from the promissory note loans (Cash Flow hedge accounting).

          At the time when the transaction is concluded, the hedging relationship between the hedging instrument
   and the underlying transaction as well as the purpose of risk management and the underlying strategy are
   documented. In addition, assessments as to whether the derivatives used in the hedge accounting compensate
   effectively for a change in the Cash Flow of the underlying transaction are documented at the beginning of the
   hedging relationship and continuously thereafter.

          In the PUMA Group, the spot component of currency forwards and the intrinsic value of currency and
   interest rate options are generally designated in a hedging relationship under IFRS 9. The effective cumulative
   changes in fair value resulting from the spot component or the intrinsic value are initially recognised directly in
   equity in the Cash Flow hedging reserve in other comprehensive income, taking into account deferred taxes.

         When accounting for currency hedges as Cash Flow hedges, the time values of the option contracts as well
   as the forward components and the currency basis spreads of the forward exchange contracts are excluded from
   designation in a hedging relationship. For these components excluded from designation, the hedging cost
   approach is applied mandatorily for options and voluntarily for currency forwards.

         When accounting for interest rate hedges as Cash Flow hedges, the time values of the option transactions
   are excluded from designation in a hedging relationship. The hedging cost approach is mandatory for these




                                                    – II-18 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

   components excluded from designation. The effective cumulative changes in market value of the non-designated
   components are recognised as hedging costs in other comprehensive income as a separate item, taking into
   account deferred taxes.

          In general, the changes in market value of the components designated in hedging relationships for foreign
   currency hedges accumulated in other comprehensive income are included in the acquisition costs when hedged
   non-financial assets are initially recognised or, in other cases, are reclassified to the income statement in the
   same period as the hedged item affects profit or loss. The adjustment of non-financial assets affects profit or loss
   in the same way and in the same periods as the affected non-financial items affect profit or loss. A corresponding
   disclosure is made both in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income and in the consolidated statement
   of changes in equity. In the case of interest rate hedges, the changes in market value accumulated in accumulated
   other equity are reclassified to interest expense. The components excluded from the designation are reclassified
   from other comprehensive income to the financial result.

         In the unusual case for the PUMA Group that derivative financial instruments are not designated as
   hedging instruments, they are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss.

          The Group documents the existence of an economic relationship between the hedging instrument and the
   hedged underlying transaction on the basis of the key valuation parameters, such as the reference interest rate,
   the currency, the amount and the time of their respective Cash Flows (critical terms match method). The Group
   uses the cumulative dollar offset method to assess whether the derivative designated in each hedging relationship
   is expected to be prospectively effective and whether it was retrospectively effective in relation to offsetting
   changes in the Cash Flows of the hedged underlying transaction. All derivatives classified as hedging instruments
   are therefore linked to specific, committed and planned transactions. The economic relationship between the
   hedging instrument and the hedged underlying transaction can be determined qualitatively and quantitatively.

          The main reason for ineffectiveness is the decline or loss of hedged transactions in these hedging
   relationships. A change in credit risk may also result in ineffectiveness.

          The fair values of the derivative instruments are shown under Other current and non-current financial
   assets or liabilities.

   PUMA AS LESSEE

          The leases for which PUMA acts as a lessee are identified at the individual contract level. For these leases,
   PUMA recognises a right-of-use asset and a respective lease liability, with the exception of short-term leases
   (defined as leases with a term of no more than 12 months) and low-value lease agreements (with a value of less
   than €5,000 at contract conclusion). In the case of a short-term lease or low-value lease, the Group recognises
   the lease payments on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease agreement as other operating expense.

         In addition, right-of-use assets are not recognised for intangible assets. PUMA has made use of the option
   and decided not to apply IFRS 16 with regard to leases for intangible assets.

          Upon initial recognition, the lease liability is measured at the present value of the lease payments that are
   not paid at the inception date of the lease. The present value is calculated using the incremental borrowing rate,
   as the interest rate implicit in the lease is generally not known.

         A number of lease agreements, particularly for real estate properties, contain extension and termination
   options. When determining agreement terms, all facts and circumstances are taken into account that offer a
   financial incentive to exercise the extension option or not to exercise the termination option. The changes in the
   term of a lease due to the exercise or non-exercise of such options are only taken into account for the agreement
   term if they are sufficiently certain.

         The lease liability is recognised as a separate line item on the consolidated balance sheet.

          The right-of-use assets comprise the respective lease liability as part of initial valuation. Lease instalments
   that are paid before or at the beginning of the lease are added. Lease incentives received from the lessor are




                                                    – II-19 –
APPENDIX II                         FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

   deducted and initial direct costs are included. If dismantling obligations exist with regard to the leased assets,
   these are included in the valuation of the right-of-use assets. Subsequent measurement of the right-of-use assets
   is at historical cost less accumulated depreciation, amortisation and impairment losses.

         The right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the term of the lease. If the useful life of the asset
   underlying the lease is shorter, this limits the depreciation period accordingly. Depreciation starts with the
   commencement of the lease.

          As part of the practical expedient, IFRS 16 permits dispensing with a separation between non-lease
   components and lease components. With regard to land and buildings, PUMA generally does not apply the
   practical expedient, meaning that the right-of-use assets relating to land and buildings only contain leasing
   components. With regard to other right-of-use assets (comprising technical equipment & machines and motor
   vehicles), the practical expedient is generally applied, the result of which is that the leasing components and
   non-leasing components are both recognised.

         Right-of-use assets are recognised as a separate line item on the consolidated balance sheet.

          The right-of-use assets are subject to the impairment regulations pursuant to IAS 36. As a general rule, the
   right-of-use assets are tested for impairment (impairment test) if there is any indication that the value of the
   asset could be impaired. The right-of-use assets, in particular in connection with the Group’s own retail stores,
   are subjected to an impairment test if there are indicators or changes in planning assumptions that suggest that
   the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. To this end, a triggering event test of all retail stores,
   each of which is a separate cash-generating unit, is carried out after preparation of the annual budget planning or
   on an ad-hoc basis.

          For the purposes of the triggering event test, the recoverable amount of the respective retail stores is
   determined as a value in use using a simplified discounted Cash Flow method, taking partial account of Cash
   Flows attributable to other cash-generating units. The value in use is determined on the basis of the planned Cash
   Flows for the retail stores according to the budget, which is prepared on a bottom-up basis and approved by
   management. The forecast period is derived from the expected useful lives of the respective retail store and is
   reviewed annually. Following the bottom-up budget, revenue and cost developments are used as a basis for the
   remaining useful life, the growth rate of which is based on expected nominal retail growth. Growth rates in the
   single-digit percentage range are expected for all retail stores over the three-year detailed planning period. In
   calculating the value in use of retail stores, Cash Flows in non-inflationary countries were measured at a
   weighted cost of capital rate of between 6.4% and 32.3% (previous year: between 8.1% and 33.0%) and the Cash
   Flows of retail stores in the two hyperinflation countries with a weighted cost of capital between 23.3% and
   54.4% (previous year: between 35.8% and 54.4%). This was based on a risk-free interest rate on equivalent term
   structures of 1.9% (previous year: 2.6%) and a market risk premium of 6.0% (previous year: 6.8%).

          If, in the triggering event test, the carrying amount of the retail store assets exceeds the simplified value in
   use, the recoverable amount of this cash-generating unit is calculated with the discounted Cash Flow method
   using the above cost of capital rates. This is based on the individual planning of Cash Flows for the retail store.
   In some exceptional cases, the recoverable amount corresponds to a higher fair value less costs to sell, assuming
   alternative subletting, which is determined according to Level 3 of IFRS 13 “Fair value measurement”. If an
   impairment arises, the right-of-use asset is impaired first.

         If there are indications that retail stores for which impairment has been recorded in the past have been able
   to achieve a turnaround or that their fair value has increased and that their right-of-use assets are therefore
   recoverable, the impairment is reversed up to a maximum of the amount of amortised costs.

         If there is an impairment loss or a reversal of an impairment loss, this is allocated to the central area in
   the segment reporting under IFRS 8. However, the impaired assets are reported in the relevant operating
   segments.




                                                     – II-20 –
APPENDIX II                         FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

   PUMA AS LESSOR

          If PUMA acts as a lessor, it is determined at the beginning of the lease whether it is a finance lease or an
   operating lease. In order to classify the lease agreement, PUMA makes an overall assessment of whether the
   lease essentially transfers all the risks and benefits associated with ownership of the underlying asset. If this is
   the case, it is classified as a finance lease. If not, it is classed as an operating lease. Various indicators are taken
   into account as part of this assessment, such as whether the lease agreement is for the majority of the economic
   useful life of the underlying asset. At our discretion, the leases in which PUMA acts as an intermediate lessor are
   in most cases finance leases, as subletting always covers most of the term of the main lease. If PUMA acts as an
   interim lessor, the shares in the main lease contract and the sublease contract are accounted for separately.

          In the case of finance leases, a net investment (receivable) equal to the discounted future rental payments
   to be received is recognised in the balance sheet and reported under other assets (without inclusion in working
   capital). The incremental borrowing rate is used to determine the discount rate, as the interest rate underlying the
   lease is generally unknown. Interest income from finance leases is reported in Cash Flow from investing
   activities.

          If the lease is classified as an operating lease, the lease payments are immediately recognised in profit or
   loss as rental income.

   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

         Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand and balances with financial institutions. This also includes
   free holdings of liquid assets invested as time deposits with a term of up to three months. The total amount of
   cash and cash equivalents corresponds to the cash and cash equivalents (cash funds) in the statement of Cash
   Flows.

          Cash and cash equivalents are measured at amortised cost. They are subject to the impairment
   requirements in accordance with IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments”. PUMA monitors the credit risk of these
   financial instruments taking into account the economic situation, external credit rating and/or premiums for
   credit default swaps (CDS) of other financial institutions. The credit risk from cash and cash equivalents is
   classified as immaterial, due to the relatively short terms and the investment-grade credit rating of the
   counterparties, which signals a low probability of default for the financial instruments.

   INVENTORIES

         The Group procures inventories primarily from third parties and these are reported as goods within
   inventories. To a small extent, footwear and golf clubs are produced in-house, which are reported as finished
   goods together with the goods within the inventories.

         Inventories are measured at acquisition or manufacturing cost or at the lower net realisable values derived
   from the selling price at the balance sheet date. The acquisition cost of merchandise is determined using an
   averaging method. Value adjustments are adequately recorded, depending on age, seasonality and realisable
   market prices.

   TRADE RECEIVABLES

         Trade receivables are initially measured at the transaction price and subsequently at amortised cost with
   deduction of value adjustments, in the form of a provision for risks.

          When determining the provision for risks for trade receivables, PUMA uniformly applies the simplified
   method in order to determine the expected credit losses over the remaining lifetime of the trade receivables
   (called “lifetime expected credit losses”) in accordance with the provisions of IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments”.
   For this, trade receivables are classified by geographic region into suitable groups with shared credit risk
   characteristics. The expected credit losses are calculated using a matrix that presents the age structure of the
   receivables and maps a probability of default for the individual maturity bands of the receivables based on
   historical credit loss events and forward-looking factors. The percentage rates for the probabilities of default are




                                                     – II-21 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

   checked regularly to ensure they are up to date. If objective indications of credit impairment are identified
   regarding the trade receivables of a specific customer, a detailed analysis of the specific credit risk of this
   customer is carried out and an individual provision for risks for trade receivables is recognised for this customer.
   If credit insurance exists, this is taken into account when determining the amount of the provision for risks.

         The Group assumes that the credit risk of a financial asset has increased significantly if it is more than 30
   days overdue.

   OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS

         Other financial assets are classified based on the business model for control and the Cash Flows of the
   financial assets. In the Group, financial assets are generally held under a business model that provides for
   “holding” the asset until maturity, in order to collect the contractual Cash Flows. The second condition is that the
   terms and conditions of the financial asset result in Cash Flows at specified times, which exclusively represent
   repayments and interest payments on the outstanding nominal amount.

          The “trading” business model is used for financial assets in the form of derivatives without a hedging
   relationship. These are valued at fair value through profit or loss (FVPL).

          Non-current financial assets include rental deposits and other assets. Non-interest-bearing non-current
   assets are discounted to the present value if the resulting effect is significant.

   INVESTMENTS

          The investment recognised under non-current financial assets belongs to the category measured at “fair
   value through other comprehensive income” (FVOCI), since these investments are held over the long term for
   strategic reasons.

         All purchases and disposals of investments are recorded on the settlement date. Investments are initially
   recognised at fair value plus transaction costs. They are also recognised at fair value in subsequent periods.
   Unrealised gains and losses are recognised in other comprehensive income, taking into account deferred taxes.
   The gain or loss on disposal of investments is transferred to retained earnings.

         The category measured at “fair value through profit or loss” (FVPL) is not used with regard to
   investments.

   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

          Property, plant and equipment are measured at acquisition cost, net of accumulated depreciation. The
   depreciation period depends on the expected useful life of the respective item. The straight-line method of
   depreciation is applied. The useful life depends on the type of the assets involved. Buildings are subject to a
   useful life of between ten and fifty years, and a useful life of between three to ten years is assumed for movable
   assets.

         Repair and maintenance costs are recorded as an expense as of the date on which they were incurred.
   Substantial improvements and upgrades are capitalised to the extent that the criteria for recognition of an asset
   item apply.

   INVESTMENT PROPERTY

         Investment property is accounted for in the same way as property, plant and equipment in accordance with
   the cost model, with their acquisition or production costs less scheduled depreciation and any necessary
   impairment losses. Depreciation is carried out on a straight-line basis and the useful lives are generally
   equivalent to those of property, plant and equipment used in-house.




                                                    – II-22 –
APPENDIX II                         FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

   OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (NOT INCLUDING GOODWILL)

         Acquired intangible assets largely consist of concessions, intellectual property rights and similar rights.
   These are measured at acquisition cost, net of accumulated amortisation. The useful life of intangible assets is
   between three and ten years. Scheduled depreciation is done on a straight-line basis.

          There are also trademark rights acquired for a fee in relation to Cobra Golf. Cobra Golf, founded in 1978,
   has a brand history spanning over 40 years in golf. The Cobra brand represents the core of the Golf business area
   and is continued through ongoing marketing investments by the PUMA Group in the Cobra brand. Due to the
   stability of the golf market and the continuation of the brand by PUMA, an indefinite useful life is assumed for
   the Cobra brand.

   IMPAIRMENT OF ASSETS

          Intangible assets with an indefinite useful life are not amortised according to schedule but are subjected to
   an annual impairment test. Property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, and other intangible assets with
   finite useful lives are tested for impairment if there is any indication of impairment in the value of the asset
   concerned. In order to determine whether there is a requirement to record the impairment of an asset, the
   recoverable amount of the respective asset (the higher amount of the fair value less costs to sell and value in
   use) is compared with the carrying amount of the asset. If the recoverable amount is lower than the carrying
   amount, the difference is recorded as an impairment loss. The test for impairment is performed, if possible, at the
   level of the respective individual asset, otherwise at the level of the cash-generating unit. Goodwill, on the other
   hand, is tested for impairment only at the level of a group of cash-generating units. If it is determined within the
   scope of the impairment test that an asset needs to be impaired, then the goodwill, if any, of the group of
   cash-generating units is written down initially and, in a second step, the remaining amount is distributed
   proportionately over the remaining assets within the application scope of IAS 36. If the reason for the recorded
   impairment no longer applies, a reversal of impairment loss is recorded to the maximum amount of the amortised
   costs. There is no reversal of an impairment loss for goodwill.

          The recoverable amount is primarily calculated using the discounted Cash Flow method. For determining
   the fair value less costs to sell and value in use, the expected Cash Flows are based on corporate planning data.
   Expected Cash Flows are discounted using an interest rate in line with market conditions. As part of the fair
   value determination less cost to sell, no special synergies of cash-generating units are taken into account, and
   corporate planning data is adjusted to the assumptions of market participants, if required. Moreover, there is a
   difference between the fair value less costs to sell and the value in use because the costs to sell are also taken
   into account.

          Trademarks with an indefinite useful life are subjected to an impairment test based on the relief from
   royalty-method during the financial year or when the occasion arises. If there is evidence that the underlying
   Cobra business is insufficiently profitable, the trademark is not only valued individually using the
   relief-from-royalty method, but the recoverable amount of the cash-generating units to which the trademark is
   attributable is determined.

           See Chapter 11 for further details, in particular regarding the assumptions used for the calculation.

   BORROWINGS, OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AND OTHER LIABILITIES

         In general, these items are recognised at fair value, taking into account transaction costs, and subsequently
   recognised at amortised cost. Non-interest or low-interest-bearing liabilities with a term of at least one year are
   recognised at present value, taking into account an interest rate in line with market conditions, and are
   compounded until their maturity at their repayment amount.

          The “trading” business model is used for financial liabilities in the form of derivatives without a hedge
   relationship. These are valued at fair value through profit or loss (FVPL).

           Current borrowings also include those long-term loans that have a maximum residual term of up to one
   year.




                                                     – II-23 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

   PROVISION FOR PENSIONS AND SIMILAR OBLIGATIONS

          In addition to defined benefit plans, some companies apply defined contribution plans, which do not result
   in any additional pension commitment other than the current contributions. The pension provision under defined
   benefit plans is generally calculated using the projected unit credit method. This method takes into account not
   only known pension benefits and pension rights accrued as of the reporting date, but also expected future salary
   and pension increases. The defined benefit obligation (DBO) is calculated by discounting expected future cash
   outflows at the rate of return on senior, fixed-rate corporate bonds. The currencies and maturity periods of the
   underlying corporate bonds are consistent with the currencies and maturity periods of the obligations to be
   satisfied. In some of the plans, the obligation is accompanied by a plan asset. In that case, the pension provision
   shown is reduced by the plan asset.

         Details regarding the assumed life expectancy, the mortality tables used and other assumptions are shown
   in Chapter 15.

   OTHER PROVISIONS

          Provisions for the expected expenses from warranty obligations pursuant to the respective national sales
   contract laws are recognised at the time of sale of the relevant products, according to the best estimate in
   relation to the expenditure needed in order to fulfil the Group’s obligation.

         Provisions are also recognised for onerous contracts. An onerous contract is considered to exist where the
   unavoidable costs of meeting the obligations under the contract exceed the economic benefits expected to be
   received under it.

         Provisions for restructuring measures are recognised where a detailed formal restructuring plan has been
   prepared which has raised a valid expectation in those affected, by starting to implement the plan or announcing
   its material components, that the restructuring measures will be carried out.

   MANAGEMENT INCENTIVE PROGRAMMES

          PUMA uses cash-settled share-based payments, share-based payments settled in cash or equities as well as
   key performance indicator-based long-term incentive programmes. Share-based payments settled in cash or
   equities are accounted for in the same way as cash-settled share-based payments.

         Detailed information on the management incentive programmes is presented in Chapter 18.

   RECOGNITION OF SALES

          The Group recognises sales from the sale of sporting goods. The sales are measured at fair value of the
   consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled from the contract with customers, taking into account
   returns, discounts and rebates. Amounts collected on behalf of third parties (such as VAT) are not included in
   sales. The Group records sales at the time when PUMA fulfils its performance obligation to customers and has
   transferred the right of disposal over the product to customers.

          The Group sells footwear, apparel and accessories both to wholesalers and directly to customers through
   its own retail activities and online sales channels. Meanwhile, the sales-related warranty services cannot be
   purchased separately and do not lead to services that go beyond the assurance of the specifications at the time of
   the transfer of risk. Accordingly, the Group records warranties in the balance sheet in accordance with IAS 37
   “Provisions, contingent liabilities and contingent assets”.

          In the case of sales of products to wholesalers, the sales revenue is recorded at the date on which the right
   of disposal over the products is transferred to customers, in other words, when the products have been shipped to
   the specific location of the wholesaler (delivery). After delivery, the wholesaler bears the inventory risk and has
   full right of disposal over the manner and means of distribution and the selling price of the products. In the case
   of sales to end customers in the Group’s own retail stores, the sales are recorded at the date when the right of
   disposal over the products is transferred to the end customer, in other words, the date on which the end customer




                                                    – II-24 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

   buys the products in the retail store. The payment of the purchase price is due immediately upon the purchase of
   the goods by the customer. In the case of sales of goods via the Group’s own online distribution channels, sales
   are realised when the end customers have accepted the goods and the right of disposal over the goods has passed
   to the end customer. The payment terms applied correspond to the customary payment terms in the industry for
   each country.

         Under certain conditions and according to the contractual stipulations, customers have the option to
   exchange products or return them for a credit. The amount of the expected returns is estimated on the basis of
   past experience and is deducted from sales in the form of a liability based on refund obligations. The asset value
   of the right arising from the product return claim is recorded under inventories and leads to a corresponding
   reduction of cost of sales.

   ROYALTY AND COMMISSION INCOME

          The Group recognises license and commission income from the out-licensing of trademark rights to third
   parties in accordance with IFRS 15 Revenue from contracts with customers. Income from royalties is recognised
   in the income statement in accordance with the invoices to be submitted by the licensees. In certain cases, values
   must be estimated in order to permit accounting on an accrual basis. Commission income is invoiced if the
   underlying purchase transaction is classified as realised.

   ADVERTISING AND PROMOTIONAL EXPENSES

          Advertising expenses are recognised in the income statement at the time they are incurred. In general,
   promotional expenses stretching over several years are recognised as an expense over the contractual term on an
   accrual basis. Any expenditure surplus exceeding the economic benefit that results from this allocation of
   expenses after the balance sheet date is recognised in the financial statements in the form of an impairment of
   assets and, if necessary, a provision for anticipated losses. If promotional and advertising contracts provide for
   additional payments when predefined targets are achieved (e.g. medals, championships), which cannot be
   predicted exactly in terms of time and amount, they are recognised in full in profit or loss at the relevant date.

   FINANCIAL RESULT

          The financial result includes interest income from financial investments and interest expenses from loans,
   along with interest income and expenses in connection with derivative financial instruments. The financial result
   also includes interest expenses from lease liabilities as well as discounted non-current liabilities and those
   arising from the valuation of pension commitments, in addition to interest income from finance leases.

         Exchange rate effects that can be directly allocated to an underlying transaction are shown in the
   respective income statement item.

   INCOME TAXES

         Current income taxes are determined in accordance with the tax regulations of the respective countries
   where the individual Group companies conduct their operations.

           PUMA management regularly assesses individual tax issues to determine whether there is scope for
   interpretation in view of existing tax regulations. If appropriate, these issues are taken into account in income tax
   liabilities or deferred taxes. The income tax assessment is generally carried out at the level of the individual
   case, taking into account any possible interactions. Appropriate balance sheet provisions have been made for
   potential risks from uncertain tax positions, taking into account IFRIC 23.

   DEFERRED TAXES

         Deferred taxes resulting from temporary valuation differences between the IFRS and tax balance sheets of
   individual Group companies and from consolidation procedures, which are levied by the same taxation authority
   and can be offset, are netted for each taxable entity and reported as either deferred tax assets or liabilities.




                                                    – II-25 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

          In addition, deferred tax assets may include tax reduction claims resulting from the expected utilisation of
   existing loss carryforwards in subsequent years, the realisation of which is probable. Furthermore, deferred tax
   assets or liabilities may result from accounting transactions recognised outside profit or loss.

         Deferred tax assets are recognised only to the extent that the respective tax advantage is likely to
   materialise.

   ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY

           The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires some assumptions and estimates that have
   an impact on the measurement and presentation of the recognised assets and liabilities, income and expenses, and
   contingent liabilities. The assumptions and estimates are based on premises, which in turn are based on currently
   available information. In individual cases, the actual values may deviate from the assumptions and estimates
   made. Consequently, future periods involve a risk of adjustment to the carrying amount of the assets and
   liabilities concerned. If the actual development differs from the expectation, the premises and, if necessary, the
   carrying amounts of the relevant assets and liabilities are adjusted with an effect on profit or loss.

         All assumptions and estimates are continuously reassessed. They are based on historical experiences and
   other factors, including expectations regarding future global and industry-related trends that appear reasonable
   under the current circumstances. Assumptions and estimates mainly relate to the valuation of goodwill and
   trademarks, inventories, liabilities from refund obligations, taxes and leases in which PUMA is the lessee. The
   most significant forward-looking assumptions and sources of estimation and uncertainty as of the reporting date
   concerning the above-mentioned items are discussed below.

   Goodwill and brands

          A review of the impairment of goodwill is based on the calculation of the value in use as a leading
   valuation concept. In order to calculate the value in use, the Group must estimate the future Cash Flows from
   those cash-generating units to which the goodwill is allocated. To this end, the data used were from the
   three-year plan, which is based on forecasts of the overall economic development and the resulting
   industry-specific consumer behaviour. Another key assumption concerns the determination of an appropriate
   interest rate for discounting the Cash Flow to the present value (discounted Cash Flow method). The
   relief-from-royalty method is used to value brands. See Chapter 11 for further details, in particular regarding the
   assumptions used for the calculation.

   Inventories

         Inventories are measured at acquisition or manufacturing cost or at the lower net realisable values derived
   from the selling price at the balance sheet date. Value adjustments are adequately recorded, depending on age,
   seasonality and realisable market prices. Further details on the inventory valuation are provided in Chapter 4.

   Liabilities from refund obligations

         The Group recognises sales from the sale of sporting goods. The sales are measured at fair value of the
   consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled from the contract with customers, taking into account
   returns, discounts and rebates. As customers have the opportunity to exchange goods under certain conditions and
   in accordance with the contractual agreements, the amount of expected return deliveries is estimated on the basis
   of experience. The accrual of sales takes place via the liability from refund obligations.

   Taxes

          Tax items are determined taking into account the various prevailing local tax laws and the relevant
   administrative opinions and, due to their complexity, may be subject to different interpretations by persons
   subject to tax on the one hand and the tax authorities on the other hand. Differing interpretations of tax laws may
   result in subsequent tax payments for past years; these are included based on the assessment of the management,
   using the most probable amount or the expected value for the individual case.




                                                   – II-26 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

         The recognition of deferred taxes requires that estimates and assumptions be made concerning future tax
   planning strategies as well as expected dates of occurrence and the amount of future taxable income. The taxable
   income from the relevant corporate planning is derived for this assessment. It takes into account the past
   financial position and the business development expected in the future. Deferred tax assets are recorded in the
   event of companies incurring a loss only if it is highly probable that future positive results will be achieved. See
   Chapter 8 for further information.

   PUMA as lessee

         The measurement of lease liabilities under leases in which PUMA is the lessee is based on assumptions for
   the discount rates used, the lease term and the determination of fixed lease payments. To determine the present
   value of future minimum lease payments, PUMA uses country- and currency-specific interest rates on borrowings
   with compatible terms. The fixed lease payments also include firmly agreed upon minimum amounts for
   agreements with a predominantly variable lease amount.

          Significant assumptions are made in the subsequent valuation of rights of use for retail stores in the
   context of assessing the existence of an impairment and determining the impairment requirement. Among other
   things, assumptions are made about the duration of the lease, the future economic development and profitability
   of the retail stores in relation to the value in use or the fair value of the right of use for retail stores at
   brand-relevant locations, and also the underlying interest rate. See Chapter 10 for further information.

   DISCRETIONARY DECISIONS

         The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires discretionary decisions relating to the
   application of accounting methods and the amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses reported as well as
   the presentation of discontinued operations. Information on the application of accounting policies that have the
   most material impact on the amounts recorded in the financial statements can be found in the following notes:

   Evaluation of the control of companies with non-controlling interests

         The determination as to whether the Group controls the companies with non-controlling interests is
   presented in Chapter 29, Information on non-controlling interests.

   PUMA as lessee

          The accounting for leases in which PUMA is the lessee includes discretionary decisions, in particular in
   relation to the term of the lease agreements with regard to determining whether the exercise of extension options
   is sufficiently certain. In addition to the basic lease period, the Group includes extension options in the
   determination of the lease term if management is sufficiently certain that such options will be exercised after
   taking into account all facts and circumstances.

          Some real estate leases contain extension options that can only be exercised by PUMA and not by the
   lessor. If possible, the Group seeks to include extension options when concluding new leases in order to ensure
   operational flexibility. On the date of provision, the Group assesses whether it is sufficiently certain that the
   extension options will be exercised. The assessment is carried out individually for each contract and takes into
   account the amount of the company’s own investments and the possibility of changing macroeconomic conditions
   in the future. If significant events or significant changes occur during the term of the contract that are within
   PUMA’s control, it will be reassessed as to whether it is sufficiently certain that the extension option will be
   exercised.




                                                    – II-27 –
APPENDIX II                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

3.    CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

      As of 31 December 2025, the Group has cash and cash equivalents of €290.0 million (previous year: €368.2
million). This comprises balances with credit institutions including short-term financial investments with an original
maturity of up to three months. The average effective interest rate on financial investments amounted to 1.5% (previous
year: 1.8%) for countries without hyperinflation. In hyperinflationary countries, the average effective interest rate on
financial investments amounted to 23.0% (previous year: 62.4%).

4.    INVENTORIES

      Inventories are broken down into the following major groups:

      T.11 INVENTORIES (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                             2025                  2024

      Goods/inventory and finished goods
        Footwear                                                                            824.0                 672.4
        Apparel                                                                             480.0                 473.2
        Accessories/Others                                                                  195.5                 211.2
      Raw materials, consumables and supplies                                                24.4                  34.5
      Prepayments made                                                                        1.5                   0.3
      Goods in transit                                                                      463.8                 576.0
      Inventory adjustments related to returns                                               70.8                  46.1


      Total                                                                               2,060.0               2,013.7


      The raw materials, consumables and supplies mainly relate to raw materials for the production of golf clubs and
footwear.

      The table shows the carrying amounts of the inventories net of value adjustments. Of the value adjustments in
the amount of €205.9 million (previous year: €111.4 million) approx. 71.3% in financial year 2025 (previous year:
approx. 67.2%) were recognised in profit or loss in cost of sales.

     The amount of inventories recognised as an expense during the period corresponds essentially to the cost of sales
shown in the consolidated income statement.

      Inventory adjustments related to returns represent the historical costs of the inventories for which a return is
expected.

5.    TRADE RECEIVABLES

      The trade receivables are broken down as follows:

      T.12 TRADE RECEIVABLES (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                             2025                  2024

      Trade receivables, gross                                                              968.4               1,308.5
      Less provision for risks                                                              -55.0                 -61.9


      Trade receivables, net                                                                913.4               1,246.5




                                                      – II-28 –
APPENDIX II                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

       The change in the provision for risks for financial assets in the “trade receivables” class measured at amortised
cost relates to receivables in connection with sales from contracts with customers and has developed as follows:

      T.13 CHANGE OF RISK PROVISIONS FOR TRADE RECEIVABLES (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                              2025                  2024

      Status of provision for risks as of 1 January                                            61.9                 65.0
      Foreign exchange differences                                                             -2.1                 -0.6
      Net reassessment of risk provisions                                                      29.9                  1.9
      Utilisation                                                                             -34.7                 -4.3


      Status of provision for risks as of 31 December                                         55.0                  61.9


      The age structure of trade receivables is as follows:

      T.14 AGE STRUCTURE 2025 (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                        Past due
                                                                                                      90–180   Over 180
      2025                                 Total       Not due     0–30 days    31–90 days              days       days

      Trade receivables, gross             968.4         753.5           94.3          55.5             26.4        38.6
      Provision for risks                  -55.0         -14.5           -2.0          -6.2             -2.8       -29.5


      Trade receivables, net               913.4         739.0           92.3          49.3             23.6         9.1


      Expected loss rate                                  1.9%          2.1%          11.2%           10.6%       76.4%

      T.15 AGE STRUCTURE 2024 (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                        Past due
                                                                                                      90–180   Over 180
      2024                                 Total       Not due     0–30 days    31–90 days              days       days

      Trade receivables, gross           1,308.5        1,053.2          84.5          79.6             28.6        62.6
      Provision for risks                  -61.9          -16.2          -2.3          -3.8             -3.5       -36.2


      Trade receivables, net             1,246.5        1,037.0          82.2          75.9             25.0        26.4


      Expected loss rate                                  1.5%          2.7%           4.7%           12.4%       57.8%

      With respect to the net carrying amounts of trade receivables, PUMA assumes that the debtors will satisfy their
payment obligations or that, in the event of a default, the net carrying amount will be covered by existing credit
insurance. There are no significant risk concentrations as the customer base is very broad and there are no correlations.

       Trade receivables are derecognised when, in the context of factoring agreements, essentially all risks and
opportunities relating to these receivables have been transferred to a third party. As of 31 December 2025, receivables
in the amount of €59.7 million (previous year: €269.7 million) were derecognised as a result of factoring agreements.
In the reporting year 2025, this relates mainly to PUMA India and PUMA Japan. The purchase price corresponds to the
nominal amount of the respective receivable, less the deductions granted by PUMA (e.g. cash discounts), as well as the
factoring fee and interest. The Cash Flows are categorised as cash inflow from operating activities in the consolidated
statement of Cash Flows.



                                                      – II-29 –
APPENDIX II                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

6.    OTHER CURRENT FINANCIAL ASSETS

      Other current financial assets are broken down as follows:

      T.16 OTHER CURRENT FINANCIAL ASSETS (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                         2025                  2024

      Fair value of derivative financial instruments                                      42.1                147.1
      Lease receivables                                                                    8.8                 12.4
      Remaining financial assets                                                          34.9                168.8


      Total                                                                               85.8                328.3


      The amount shown is due within one year. The fair value corresponds to the carrying amount.

7.    OTHER CURRENT ASSETS

      Other current assets are broken down as follows:

      T.17 OTHER CURRENT ASSETS (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                         2025                  2024

      Prepaid expense relating to the subsequent period                                  118.8                102.1
      Other receivables                                                                  198.9                158.7


      Total                                                                              317.7                260.9


      The amount shown is due within one year. The fair value corresponds to the carrying amount.

      Other receivables mainly include receivables relating to VAT of €123.0 million (previous year: €100.0 million)
and other taxes of €54.0 million (previous year: €35.3 million).




                                                       – II-30 –
APPENDIX II                              FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

8.    DEFERRED TAXES

      Deferred taxes refer to the items presented below:

      T.18 DEFERRED TAXES (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                             2025                   2024

      Tax loss carry-forwards                                                                 49.2                  56.3
      Inventories                                                                             46.5                  62.0
      Remaining current assets                                                                 8.1                  12.8
      Non-current assets                                                                       6.5                  48.4
      Lease liabilities (current and non-current)                                            144.7                 286.9
      Provisions and other liabilities                                                       113.0                 124.4


      Deferred tax assets (before netting)                                                   368.0                 590.7


      Current assets                                                                          16.1                  47.3
      Intangible assets                                                                        1.8                  41.7
      Right-of-use assets                                                                    129.2                 243.5
      Remaining non-current assets                                                            10.8                  26.9
      Provisions and other liabilities                                                         4.2                   1.8


      Deferred tax liabilities (before netting)                                              162.1                 361.2


      Deferred tax assets, net                                                               205.9                 229.5


       As of 31 December 2025, tax loss carry-forwards totalled €756.4 million (previous year: €417.2 million).
Deferred tax assets on these items are recognised at the amount for which the realisation of the associated tax benefits
through future taxable profits is probable. In the 2025 financial year, no deferred taxes were recognised for loss
carry-forwards amounting to €465.2 million (previous year: €143.6 million); of this amount, €401.7 million (previous
year: €136.4 million) are non-forfeitable. The remaining tax loss carry-forwards for which no deferred tax assets were
recognised, amounting to €63.5 million (previous year: €7.2 million), will expire within the next six years.

      In addition, no deferred tax items were recognised for temporary differences in the amount of € 541.3 million
(previous year: €20.7 million) because they were not expected to be realised as of the balance sheet date.

      For Group companies that achieved a negative tax result in this or the previous financial year, a total of deferred
tax assets in the amount of €116.8 million were recognised after deduction of any deferred tax liabilities (previous
year: €190.5 million) as sufficiently positive tax results can be expected in the future on the basis of the relevant
projections. These deferred tax assets are attributable in particular to the companies in Germany and Mexico.

      No deferred taxes on retained profits at subsidiaries were recognised where these gains are to be reinvested on an
ongoing basis and there is no intention to make a distribution in this respect.




                                                      – II-31 –
APPENDIX II                         FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

     Deferred tax assets and liabilities are netted if they relate to a taxable entity and can in fact be netted.
Accordingly, they are shown in the balance sheet as follows:

     T.19 DEFERRED TAX ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                       2025                 2024

     Deferred tax assets                                                               211.0               243.6
     Deferred tax liabilities                                                            5.2                14.2


     Deferred tax assets, net                                                         205.9                229.5


     The development of deferred tax assets, net is as follows:

     T.20 MOVEMENT OF DEFERRED TAXES (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                       2025                 2024

     Deferred tax assets, net as of 1 January                                         229.5                283.7
     Recognition in the consolidated income statement                                 -48.7                -15.0
     Adjustment related to remeasurements of the net defined benefit
       liability, recognised in other comprehensive income                              -0.6                  0.7
     Adjustment related to the cash flow hedge reserve, recognised in
       other comprehensive income                                                       33.2                -35.0
     Adjustment related to the reserve for hedging costs – options,
       recognised in other comprehensive income                                         -0.1                 -0.2
     Adjustment related to the reserve for hedging costs – forward
       contracts, recognised in other comprehensive income                               3.2                  1.3
     Foreign exchange effects                                                          -10.6                 -6.2


     Deferred tax assets, net as of 31 December                                       205.9                229.5




                                                    – II-32 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

9.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

     The development of property, plant and equipment is shown in the following tables:

     T.21 MOVEMENTS OF PROPERTY, PLANT & EQUIPMENT 2025 (IN € MILLION)

                                                                         Other
                                                    Technical      equipment,
                                               equipment and     furniture and      Assets under
                                 Real estate       machinery            fixture     construction     Total

     Costs as of
       1 January 2025                  220.6            315.9             842.6             41.7   1,420.7
     Additions                           1.7             21.0              75.6             40.4     138.7
     Disposals                          -1.8            -16.9             -75.4             -8.0    -102.2
     Transfers                          -1.0              4.0              19.8            -25.5      -2.7
     Effect of foreign
       exchange rates                  -10.0             -16.2            -52.2             -2.5     -81.0


     As of 31 December
       2025                            209.4            307.7             810.4             45.9   1,373.4


     Accumulated
       depreciation as of
       1 January 2025                  -70.4             -69.0           -515.6              0.0   -655.0
     Depreciation                       -5.1             -17.5            -99.0              0.0   -121.6
     Disposals                           1.7              12.6             71.2              0.0     85.5
     Transfers                           1.4              -0.0              0.1              0.0      1.5
     Impairment losses                  -8.6               0.0             -1.9              0.0    -10.5
     Effect of foreign
       exchange rates                    4.0               4.1             31.0              0.0     39.1


     As of 31 December
       2025                            -77.0             -69.9           -514.2              0.0   -661.1


     Net carrying amount
      as of 31 December
      2025                             132.4            237.9             296.1             45.9    712.3




                                                   – II-33 –
APPENDIX II                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      T.22 MOVEMENTS OF PROPERTY, PLANT & EQUIPMENT 2024 (IN € MILLION)

                                                                             Other
                                                       Technical       equipment,
                                                  equipment and      furniture and       Assets under
                                   Real estate        machinery             fixture      construction              Total

      Costs as of
        1 January 2024                   189.5              222.5             753.2               94.8           1,260.0
      Additions                            2.5               30.4             112.8               40.3             185.9
      Disposals                           -3.3               -3.9             -64.9               -2.2             -74.3
      Transfers                            9.4               56.9              23.7              -94.6              -4.7
      Effect of foreign
        exchange rates                     22.5              10.0              17.8                3.4              53.7


      As of 31 December
        2024                             220.6              315.9             842.6               41.7           1,420.7


      Accumulated
        depreciation as of
        1 January 2024                    -56.0             -49.7            -468.7               -0.0            -574.4
      Depreciation                         -6.5             -17.9             -97.8                0.0            -122.3
      Disposals                             1.9               3.4              61.1                0.0              66.4
      Transfers                             0.0              -0.3               0.4                0.0               0.1
      Impairment losses                    -8.8               0.0              -0.6                0.0              -9.4
      Effect of foreign
        exchange rates                     -0.9              -4.5              -10.0               0.0             -15.3


      As of 31 December
        2024                              -70.4             -69.0            -515.6                0.0            -655.0


      Net carrying amount
       as of 31 December
       2024                              150.2              246.9             326.9               41.7             765.7


      The Group owns office space in Argentina (Latin America segment) which is classified as investment properties.
As of 31 December 2025, these are reported with a carrying amount of €15.4 million (previous year: €27.7 million) in
property, plant and equipment under real estate. The fair value of investment properties as of 31 December 2025 is
€15.4 million (previous year: €20.9 million). This was determined by external, independent valuers who have relevant
professional qualifications and current experience with the location and type of properties to be valued. The fair value
was determined on the basis of the market-comparative approach, which reflects the most recent transaction prices for
similar properties. In the current financial year, impairment losses of €8.6 million (previous year: €8.8 million) were
recognised in financial expenses for investment properties based on fair value. In the previous year, the write-down was
based on the calculation of the value in use, taking into account the cost of capital rate of 3.8%. The affected asset is
reported in the segment reporting in the Latin America region. The Group intends to sell these investment properties in
2026.

      Rental income generated by the group from investment property amounted to €1.0 million in the financial year
(previous year: €1.4 million). Direct operating expenses for the investment property, all of which generated rental
income in the reporting year, amounted to €0.0 million (previous year: €0.0 million).




                                                      – II-34 –
APPENDIX II                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

10.   LEASES

      PUMA AS LESSEE

             The Group rents and leases offices, warehouses, facilities, technical equipment and machinery, motor
      vehicles and sales rooms for its own retail business. As a rule, the lease agreements have a term of between one
      and fifteen years. Some agreements include renewal options and price adjustment clauses.

             The carrying amounts of the right-of-use assets recognised in the statement of financial position refer to
      the following classes of assets:

            T.23 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS 2025 (IN € MILLION)

                                                                      Real estate –
                                                    Real estate –    warehouses &
                                                     retail stores          offices           Other              Total

            Depreciation                                    122.9             95.6              13.3             231.9
            Additions                                       140.4            199.0               6.7             346.1
            Net carrying amount as of
             31 December 2025                               478.3            580.3              45.2           1,103.8

            T.24 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS 2024 (IN € MILLION)

                                                                      Real estate –
                                                    Real estate –    warehouses &
                                                     retail stores          offices           Other              Total

            Depreciation                                    117.4             87.9              13.5             218.7
            Additions                                       147.6             67.5              11.9             227.0
            Net carrying amount as of
             31 December 2024                               528.9            522.5              65.4           1,116.8

            The item “Others” includes technical equipment and machinery, as well as motor vehicles.

            The following recognised lease liabilities result:

            T.25 LEASE LIABILITIES (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                            2025                  2024

            Current lease liabilities                                                      217.6                 220.6
            Non-current lease liabilities                                                1,011.2               1,010.0


            Total                                                                        1,228.9               1,230.6




                                                       – II-35 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

         The amounts recognised in the consolidated income statement are:

         T.26 RECOGNISED IN INCOME STATEMENT (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                          2025                   2024

         Depreciation of right-of-use assets incl. impairment losses and
           reversal of impairment losses (included in operating
           expenses)                                                                     261.7                  196.6
         Interest expenses (included in financial expenses)                               55.7                   51.1
         Expenses for short-term leases (included in operating
           expenses)                                                                        9.3                  10.0
         Expenses for leases of low-value assets (included in operating
           expenses)                                                                        1.1                   1.0
         Expenses for variable lease payments (included in operating
           expenses)                                                                       34.1                  36.6


         Total                                                                           361.8                  295.2


          Variable lease payments are incurred in connection with the Group’s own retail stores. These are based on
   the sales amount and are therefore dependent on the overall economic development.

         Total cash outflows from lease liabilities in 2025 amounted to €303.4 million (previous year: €273.6
   million).

         Due to reduced earnings prospects based on updated financial planning and estimates, impairment losses in
   the total amount of €19.6 million were recorded right-of-use assets in connection with own retail stores in
   financial year 2025 (previous year: €7.3 million). To determine the impairment, the recoverable amount was
   calculated for the individual retail stores. The recoverable amount for the impaired retail stores is €84.9 million
   (previous year: €16.7 million), of which €84.9 million was determined on the basis of the value in use (previous
   year: €15.4 million). In the financial year under review, reversals of impairment losses amounting to a total of
   €1.3 million (previous year: €29.4 million) were recorded for retail stores. There were no impairment losses or
   impairment reversals in the other categories of right-of-use assets.

         Furthermore, an impairment loss totalling €11.5 million was recognised for the cash-generating unit
   PUMA Canada within the North America segment. This was due to reduced earnings prospects for the following
   annual periods. Assumptions for the impairment test performed in this regard can be found in Chapter 11.

          In 2025, PUMA entered into lease agreements that had not yet commenced by year-end. As a result, no
   lease liabilities and no corresponding right-of-use assets were recognised as of 31 December 2025. Future lease
   payments in connection with these agreements amount to €5.0 million (previous year: €16.0 million) for the next
   year, €20.6 million (previous year: €75.9 million) for years two to five and €20.5 million (previous year: €97.1
   million) for the period thereafter. The lease terms amount to up to 10 years (previous year: 12 years).




                                                   – II-36 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

         The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is as follows:

         T.27 MATURITY ANALYSIS OF LEASE LIABILITIES (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                         2025                  2024

         Due within one year                                                            265.0                 265.0
         Due between one and five years                                                 685.1                 678.9
         Due after more than five years                                                 501.0                 502.5


         Total (undiscounted)                                                         1,451.1               1,446.5
         Interest expense (not yet realised)                                           -222.2                -215.9


         Total                                                                        1,228.9               1,230.6


   PUMA AS LESSOR

          PUMA rents out properties owned and leased as a lessor. From the lessor’s point of view, these (sub)leases
   are classified as operating or finance leases.

         The net investments from finance leases are shown as receivables in the balance sheet and are reduced by
   the repayment portion included in the lease payment. The interest portion included in the lease payment is
   reported as interest income in the financial result.

          The maturities of the existing receivables on lease payments against third parties classified as finance
   leases are as follows:

         T.28 MATURITY ANALYSIS OF LEASE RECEIVABLES (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                         2025                  2024

         Due within one year                                                             10.0                  13.9
         Due between one and five years                                                  10.8                  16.5
         Due after more than five years                                                   0.3                   2.1

         Total (undiscounted)                                                            21.2                  32.5
         Interest income (not yet realised)                                              -3.2                  -4.0
         Provision for risks                                                             -0.2                  -0.3

         Total                                                                           17.8                  28.2


         The following income was recognised in the consolidated income statement in connection with leases:

         T.29 RECOGNISED IN INCOME STATEMENT (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                         2025                  2024

         Operating leases
         Fixed rental income                                                              1.4                   1.8
         Finance leases
         Variable rental income                                                           1.0                   1.6

         Total rental income (included in other operating income)                         2.4                   3.4


         Selling loss (profit) (included in other operating income)                       -0.4                  2.5
         Interest income (included in financial income)                                    1.7                  2.5




                                                    – II-37 –
APPENDIX II                          FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

           Future lease payments from operating leases for the coming year amount to €1.6 million (previous year:
      €1.8 million) and for years two to five to €3.6 million (previous year: €7.4 million).

11.   INTANGIBLE ASSETS

      Intangible assets mainly include goodwill, intangible assets with indefinite useful lives (e.g. brands), assets
associated with the Company’s own retail activities and software licenses.

      The development of intangible assets is shown in the following table:

      T.30 MOVEMENTS OF INTANGIBLE ASSETS 2025 (IN € MILLION)

                                                                       Intangible
                                                                   assets with an            Other
                                                                        indefinite       intangible
                                                      Goodwill         useful life           assets            Total

      Costs as of 1 January 2025                          283.5               154.5          408.4             846.5
      Changes in the scope of consolidation                -1.9                 0.0            0.0              -1.9
      Additions                                             0.0                 0.0           67.1              67.1
      Disposals                                             0.0               -17.6          -11.9             -29.6
      Transfers                                             0.0                 0.0            1.5               1.5
      Effect of foreign exchange rates                     -7.2               -15.9           -4.4             -27.4


      As of 31 December 2025                              274.5               121.1          460.7             856.2


      Accumulated amortisation as of
        1 January 2025                                    -46.3               -17.6          -196.8           -260.7
      Amortisation                                          0.0                 0.0           -37.6            -37.6
      Disposals                                             0.0                17.6             8.7             26.3
      Transfers                                             0.0                 0.0            -0.2             -0.2
      Impairment losses                                   -41.4                 0.0            -0.8            -42.2
      Effect of foreign exchange rates                      2.0                 0.0             3.4              5.4


      As of 31 December 2025                              -85.7                 0.0          -223.2           -309.0


      Net carrying amount as of
       31 December 2025                                   188.8               121.1          237.4             547.2




                                                     – II-38 –
APPENDIX II                          FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      T.31 MOVEMENTS OF INTANGIBLE ASSETS 2024 (IN € MILLION)

                                                                        Intangible
                                                                    assets with an             Other
                                                                         indefinite        intangible
                                                       Goodwill         useful life            assets             Total

      Costs as of 1 January 2024                           285.3             146.3              397.5             829.1
      Additions                                              0.0               0.0               74.2              74.2
      Disposals                                              0.0               0.0              -67.8             -67.8
      Transfers                                              0.0               0.0                4.2               4.2
      Effect of foreign exchange rates                      -1.7               8.2                0.5               6.9


      As of 31 December 2024                               283.5             154.5              408.4             846.5


      Accumulated amortisation as of
        1 January 2024                                      -46.3             -17.6            -234.5            -298.2
      Amortisation                                            0.0               0.0             -29.2             -29.2
      Disposals                                               0.0               0.0              67.0              67.0
      Transfers                                               0.0               0.0               0.3               0.3
      Effect of foreign exchange rates                       -0.1               0.0              -0.5              -0.5


      As of 31 December 2024                                -46.3             -17.6            -196.7            -260.7


      Net carrying amount as of
       31 December 2024                                    237.2             136.9              211.7             585.8


      The item Other intangible assets includes advance payments in the amount of €24.2 million (previous year:
€20.7 million).

      Current depreciation of intangible assets in the amount of €37.6 million (previous year: €29.2 million) is
included in other operating expenses. Of this amount, €10.9 million is attributable to sales and distribution expenses
(previous year: €7.7 million), €0.0 million to expenses for product management/merchandising (previous year: €0.0
million) and €26.7 million to administrative and general expenses (previous year: €21.5 million).

      DISCLOSURES ON PLANNING ASSUMPTIONS FOR IMPAIRMENT TESTS

            Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortised according to schedule.
      Impairment tests with regard to goodwill were performed in the past financial year using the discounted Cash
      Flow method. The data from the three-year plan for the respective cash-generating unit or group of
      cash-generating units was used as a basis for this. Planning on the level of the cash-generating units was thereby
      derived from the PUMA Group’s three-year plan. The following key assumptions have been made for the PUMA
      Group plans:

             Based on the Group’s planning and the fundamental assumptions regarding overall economic development,
      it is assumed that geopolitical tensions will not increase further. Under these conditions, we expect sales in the
      reporting currency, the euro, to increase in the mid to high single-digit percentage range in the following
      financial years, after a slight percentage decline in 2026. The planned sales growth results from the
      implementation of the corporate strategy and the increase in PUMA’s brand desirability.

             Furthermore, PUMA expects an improvement in the EBIT margin in the medium term to a percentage
      slightly above a mid-single-digit percentage range. The improvement in the EBIT margin in the planning period
      results, alongside sales growth, from an increase in the gross profit margin, for example due to a higher share of




                                                      – II-39 –
APPENDIX II                       FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

   own retail sales as a result of the disproportionate growth of the E-commerce distribution channel. Furthermore,
   the slightly weaker percentage increase in other operating income and expenses compared to sales growth is
   expected to contribute to the improvement of the EBIT margin, as, for example, the operational prerequisites for
   the planned sales growth in the coming years are essentially in place and economies of scale can be realised as a
   result. In addition, the “nextlevel” efficiency programme is intended to contribute to realising cost savings and
   achieving operating leverage.

         The planning of investments and working capital is based on historical experience and is carried out in
   accordance with strategic objectives.

         The future tax payments are based on current tax rates in the respective countries.

          For periods beyond the three-year plan, an annual growth rate is determined and used to forecast future
   Cash Flows beyond the three-year period. The assumed growth rate is based on long-term expectations of
   inflation rates and does not exceed the long-term average growth rates for the business area in which the
   respective cash-generating unit, or group of cash-generating units, operates.

         The recoverable amount for the respective cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units was
   determined on the basis of value in use. In the financial year 2025, this resulted in an impairment loss on
   goodwill of the cash-generating units PUMA Japan and PUMA Canada totalling €41.4 million (previous year: no
   impairment loss), which is included in other operating expenses.

   INTANGIBLE ASSETS WITH AN INDEFINITE USEFUL LIFE

          In connection with the Golf business unit (CPG – Cobra PUMA Golf), the Cobra brand exists as an
   intangible asset with an indefinite useful life amounting to €121.1 million (previous year: €136.9 million). The
   carrying amount of the Cobra brand is significant in comparison to the overall carrying amount of the intangible
   assets with an indefinite useful life. It was assigned to the North America business segment, where the
   headquarters of Cobra PUMA Golf is located. The recoverable amount of the Cobra brand was determined using
   the relief-from-royalty method (level 3 – see explanation in Chapter 14). A discount rate of 9.4% p.a. (previous
   year: 10.0% p.a.), a royalty rate of 6.0% (previous year: 6.0%) and a sustainable 2.0% growth rate (previous
   year: 2.0%) were used. Cobra or CPG’s three-year plan shows average revenue growth in the low-to-mid
   double-digit percentage range. The management’s key assumptions about improvement in the EBIT margin in
   Cobra’s or CPG’s three-year plan are essentially in line with the fundamental assumptions in the plans at Group
   level. The estimated recoverable amount of the Cobra brand exceeds its carrying amount by approximately €15.0
   million (previous year: approx. €19.9 million).

         A reduction of the royalty rate to approximately 5.4% (previous year: approx. 5.2%) or a reduction of the
   average planned sales revenues by approximately 20.8% (previous year: approx. 13.2%) would not result in any
   impairment requirement for the Cobra brand, and the recoverable amount would correspond to the carrying
   amount.

         If there is evidence that the underlying Cobra business is insufficiently profitable, the trademark is not
   only valued individually using the “Relief-from-Royalty Method”, but the recoverable amount of the
   cash-generating units to which the trademark is attributable is determined. In 2025, there were no indications of
   this.




                                                  – II-40 –
APPENDIX II                         FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

   GOODWILL

         Goodwill is allocated to the Group’s identifiable groups of cash-generating units (CGUs) according to the
   countries where the activities are carried out. Summarised by regions, goodwill is allocated as follows:

         T.32 COMPOSITION OF GOODWILL (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                         2025                  2024

         PUMA UK 1                                                                         8.6                   1.7
         Genesis 1                                                                         0.0                   7.4


         Subtotal Europe                                                                   8.6                   9.1


         PUMA Canada                                                                       0.0                   9.5
         PUMA United NA                                                                    0.0                   2.1


         Subtotal North America                                                            0.0                 11.6


         PUMA Argentina                                                                   14.9                 16.8
         PUMA Chile                                                                        0.5                  0.5
         PUMA Mexico                                                                      10.8                 10.6


         Subtotal Latin America                                                           26.2                 27.9


         PUMA China                                                                        2.5                  2.5
         PUMA Taiwan                                                                      12.1                 13.2


         Subtotal Greater China                                                           14.6                 15.6


         PUMA Japan                                                                        0.0                 33.6


         Subtotal Rest of Asia-Pacific                                                     0.0                 33.6


         stichd                                                                          139.4                139.4


         Total                                                                           188.8                237.2


         1
                  In the context of an intragroup business transfer, all assets, incl. the goodwill of Genesis, were
                  transferred to PUMA UK.




                                                    – II-41 –
APPENDIX II                       FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

         The following table contains the assumptions for the performance of the impairment tests in 2025:

         T.33 ASSUMPTIONS IMPAIRMENT TEST 2025

                                                               Tax rate    WACC before tax         WACC after tax
                                                                (range)            (range)               (range)

         Europe                                                 25.0%                 11.8%                  9.6%
         North America 1                                        26.3%                 11.7%                  8.9%
         Latin America                                    27.0%–35.0%           14.8%–43.7%           10.9%–36.6%
         Greater China                                    20.0%–25.0%                 11.6%             9.0%–9.6%
         Rest of Asia-Pacific 1                                 38.1%                 15.6%                  9.3%
         stichd 1                                               25.0%                 11.3%                  8.8%

         1
               The information for North America, Asia/Pacific (excluding Greater China) and stichd relates in
               each case to only one cash-generating unit (CGU)

          The tax rates used for the impairment test correspond to the actual tax rates in the respective countries.
   The weighted average cost of capital (WACC) was derived on the basis of the weighted average cost of total
   capital, taking into account a standard market capital structure (ratio of debt to equity) and including the most
   important listed competitors (peer group).

         In addition, a growth rate of 2.0% (previous year: 2.0%) is generally assumed. A growth rate of less than
   2.0% (previous year: less than 2.0%) was applied only in justified exceptional cases, where the long-term
   expectations on inflation rate for the country in which the cash-generating unit operates were lower than the
   assumed growth rate; this applies, in particular, to the UK, China, Japan and Taiwan.

          The cash-generating unit stichd includes goodwill of €139.4 million (previous year: €139.4 million),
   which is significant in comparison to the overall carrying amount of goodwill. The recoverable amount was
   determined by a value-in-use calculation with a discount rate of 8.8% p.a. (previous year: 9.7% p.a.) and a
   growth rate of 2.0% (previous year: 2.0%). The three-year plan of stichd shows sales growth in the mid
   single-digit percentage range. The three-year plan of stichd illustrates that the company expects a stronger
   improvement in the EBIT margin compared to the Group, something that stichd has already achieved in the past,
   and a return to its historical profitability is expected. The estimated recoverable amount of stichd exceeds the
   carrying amount by €78.7 million (previous year: €186.0 million). An increase in the discount rate to approx.
   10.3% or a reduction in the average planned operating result (EBIT) over the three-year period of approx. 16.5%
   would not lead to any impairment requirement for the goodwill of stichd, and the recoverable amount would
   correspond to the carrying amount.

         The cash-generating unit PUMA UK includes goodwill of €8.6 million (previous year: €1.7 million). The
   goodwill of Genesis was transferred to PUMA UK following the acquisition. The three-year plan for PUMA UK
   shows sales growth in the low single-digit percentage range. In the three-year plan for PUMA UK, an
   improvement in the EBIT margin is expected in line with the Group planning. The estimated recoverable amount
   of PUMA UK exceeds the carrying amount by €24.6 million (previous year: €78.4 million). An increase in the
   discount rate to approximately 11.3% or a reduction in the average planned operating result (EBIT) over the
   three-year period of approximately 17.4% would not lead to any impairment requirement for the goodwill of
   PUMA UK and the recoverable amount would correspond to the carrying amount.

          The cash-generating unit PUMA Argentina includes goodwill of €14.9 million (previous year: €16.8
   million). The three-year plan for PUMA Argentina shows sales growth in the mid double-digit percentage range.
   In the three-year plan for PUMA Argentina, an improvement in the EBIT margin in line with Group planning is
   expected. The estimated recoverable amount of PUMA Argentina exceeds the carrying amount by €9.8 million
   (previous year: €248.6 million). An increase in the discount rate to approx. 42.7% or a reduction in the average
   planned operating result (EBIT) over the three-year period of approx. 7.9% would not lead to any impairment
   requirement regarding the goodwill of PUMA Argentina and the recoverable amount would correspond to the
   carrying amount.




                                                  – II-42 –
APPENDIX II                            FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

             The cash-generating unit PUMA Japan contains goodwill of €0.0 million (previous year: €33.6 million).
      The existence of an indication of impairment resulted in an impairment loss of €32.4 million in the first half of
      2025 due to the reduction in earnings prospects in the calculation of the recoverable amount. The recoverable
      amount of €128.6 million was determined by a value-in-use calculation using a discount rate of 9.3% p.a. and a
      growth rate of 1.4%. The underlying medium-term planning for “Japan” shows sales growth in the mid to high
      single-digit percentage range and an improvement in the EBIT margin from a low to a mid single-digit
      percentage.

             The cash-generating unit PUMA Canada includes goodwill of €0.0 million (previous year: €9.5 million).
      The calculation of the recoverable amount resulted in an impairment loss of €20.5 million, of which €9.0
      million relates to goodwill and €11.5 million to right-of-use assets (see also Chapter 10). The recoverable
      amount of €83.0 million was determined by a value in use calculation using a discount rate of 8.9% p.a. and a
      growth rate of 2.0%. The underlying medium-term planning for “Canada” shows a sales decline in the low
      single-digit percentage range and an improvement in the EBIT margin to a mid single-digit percentage.

            The impairment is included in the consolidated financial statements in the item Other operating income
      and expenses and in the explanatory comments in the combined management report in the item One-off costs in
      the consolidated income statement.

              The following table contains the assumptions for the performance of the impairment tests in the previous
      year:

              T.34 ASSUMPTIONS IMPAIRMENT TEST 2024

                                                                   Tax rate   WACC before tax         WACC after tax
                                                                    (range)           (range)               (range)

              Europe                                               25.0%            13.3%–13.4%                10.4%
              North America 1                                      26.2%                  12.7%                 9.8%
              Latin America                                  27.0%–35.0%            15.2%–56.0%          11.7%–50.8%
              Greater China                                  20.0%–25.0%            12.6%–12.7%           9.9%–10.3%
              Rest of Asia-Pacific 1                               38.1%                  15.6%                10.1%
              stichd 1                                             25.0%                  12.5%                 9.7%

              1
                    The information for North America, Asia/Pacific (excluding Greater China) and stichd relates in
                    each case to only one cash-generating unit (CGU)

12.   OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS

      Other non-current financial and non-financial assets break down as follows:

      T.35 OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                            2025                  2024

      Investments                                                                           19.6                  18.5
      Fair value of derivative financial instruments                                         2.4                  28.0
      Lease receivables                                                                      9.0                  15.8
      Remaining financial assets                                                            29.2                  33.1


      Total of other non-current financial assets                                           60.2                  95.4
      Other non-current non-financial assets                                                49.7                  28.1


      Other non-current assets, total                                                      109.9                 123.5




                                                       – II-43 –
APPENDIX II                            FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      The investments relate to the 5.32% shareholding in Borussia Dortmund GmbH & Co. Kommanditgesellschaft
auf Aktien (BVB) with registered office in Dortmund, Germany. According to the audited IFRS consolidated financial
statements 2023/2024 of Borussia Dortmund GmbH & Co. Kommanditgesellschaft auf Aktien, equity as at 30 June
2025 amounts to €326.3 million (30 June 2024: €327.0 million) and the profit or loss for the last financial year
amounts to €6.5 million (previous year: €44.3 million).

      Remaining financial assets mainly comprise rent deposits amounting to €26.9 million (previous year: €29.8
million). Other non-current non-financial assets mainly comprise prepayments in connection with promotion and
advertising contracts.

13.   LIABILITIES

      The residual terms of liabilities are as follows:

      T.36 2025 (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                 2025
                                                                             Residual term
                                                                                                              2031 and
                                        Total        2026         2027         2028      2029         2030        later

      Borrowings                      1,353.5        929.3         64.2       150.0      147.0          0.0        63.0
      Trade payables                  1,271.4      1,271.4          0.0         0.0        0.0          0.0         0.0
      Other liabilities 1
      Liabilities from other
        taxes                           100.6        100.6            0.0        0.0         0.0        0.0         0.0
      Liabilities relating to
        social security                  10.1         10.1            0.0        0.0         0.0        0.0         0.0
      Payables to employees             102.3        102.3            0.0        0.0         0.0        0.0         0.0
      Liabilities from refund
        obligations                     302.1        302.1            0.0        0.0         0.0        0.0         0.0
      Liabilities from
        derivative financial
        instruments                     112.4        109.0            3.4        0.0         0.0        0.0         0.0
      Remaining other
        liabilities                      44.3         43.4            0.7        0.2         0.0        0.0         0.0


      Total                           3,296.6      2,868.2         68.3       150.2      147.0          0.0        63.0


      1
              The maturity analysis on lease liabilities is presented in Chapter 10.

      Current borrowings in the amount of €929.3 million include the current portion of promissory note loans in the
amount of €206.5 million (previous year: €70 million) as well as other current borrowings from banks in the amount
of €722.8 million (previous year: €61.6 million). The increase in other current borrowings from banks by €661.2
million is mainly due to a higher utilisation of the syndicated loan concluded in 2024 in the amount of €650.0 million.
The credit line of the syndicated loan has a total volume of €1.2 billion and a term until 2029. The current utilisation
of the syndicated loan will be largely refinanced in 2026 by utilising the bridge financing. Non-current borrowings
include the non-current portion of the promissory note loans.




                                                          – II-44 –
APPENDIX II                            FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      T.37 LIABILITIES 2024 (IN € MIO.)

                                                                                 2024
                                                                             Residual term
                                                                                                                2030 and
                                        Total        2025         2026         2027        2028         2029        later

      Borrowings                        488.0        131.6        206.5          0.0      149.9          0.0          0.0
      Trade payables                  1,893.5      1,893.5          0.0          0.0        0.0          0.0          0.0
      Other liabilities 1
      Liabilities from other
        taxes                           111.2        111.2          0.0          0.0         0.0         0.0          0.0
      Liabilities relating to
        social security                  12.0         12.0          0.0          0.0         0.0         0.0          0.0
      Payables to employees             121.8        121.8          0.0          0.0         0.0         0.0          0.0
      Liabilities from refund
        obligations                     213.5        213.5          0.0          0.0         0.0         0.0          0.0
      Liabilities from
        derivative financial
        instruments                      21.8         19.9          1.9          0.0         0.0         0.0          0.0
      Remaining other
        liabilities                      40.9         38.8          1.6          0.3         0.1         0.1          0.1


      Total                           2,902.5      2,542.2        210.0          0.3      150.0          0.1          0.1


      1
              The maturity analysis on lease liabilities is presented in Chapter 10.

      The liabilities from refund obligations result from contracts with customers and essentially comprise obligations
from customer return rights.

      INFORMATION REGARDING SUPPLIER FINANCING AGREEMENTS

             PUMA offers its suppliers a programme to finance supplier invoices. The largest programme, the PUMA
      Vendor Financing Programme (PVFP), enables suppliers to pre-finance their invoices to PUMA from one of the
      partner banks significantly before the agreed payment date in return for an interest discount. The financing terms
      are linked to the achievement of sustainability targets by the suppliers. Participation in this programme is
      voluntary. This supplier financing programme has no impact on PUMA; the payment date, payment methods and
      the original contractual conditions remain unchanged. In the balance sheet, liabilities are accordingly still shown
      as trade payables and cash outflows are included in the Cash Flow statement under Cash Flow from operating
      activities.

             There are also some individual programmes with local suppliers. These too are intended to give suppliers
      the opportunity to pre-finance their invoices prior to the agreed payment dates, and in return, PUMA is granted
      partially extended payment periods; however, this is at the sole discretion of the financing partners. As PUMA
      does not incur any additional interest for the payment of supplier liabilities to the partner banks and, from the
      Group’s point of view, the extended payment periods do not differ significantly from normal payment periods in
      the countries concerned, the liabilities are still reported as trade payables in the balance sheet and cash outflows
      are included in the Cash Flow statement under Cash Flow from operating activities in this case.




                                                        – II-45 –
APPENDIX II                    FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      T.38 INFORMATION ON SUPPLIER FINANCING AGREEMENTS

                                                        2025                               2024
                                                                     Other                              Other
                                                   PVFP        programmes              PVFP       programmes

      Carrying amount of trade
        payables subject to supplier
        finance arrangements
        (in € million)
      Presented as trade payables                   311.5              30.8            352.3              42.9
      Of which suppliers have received
        payment from the bank
                                                     91.2              26.5            139.1              17.7
      Range of payment terms
        (in days) 1
      Trade payables that are part of
        supplier finance arrangements                  90           90–120              90.0           90–120
      Trade payables that are not part
        of supplier finance
        arrangements                                   90           60–120              90.0           60–120

      1
            The above-mentioned ranges of payment dates for the other programmes include ranges from
            multiple different countries. Under a supplier financing agreement, payment periods are extended by
            a maximum of 30 days, with the extended payment periods still not differing significantly from
            normal payment periods in the countries concerned.




                                              – II-46 –
APPENDIX II                                                              FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

14.         FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

            CARRYING AMOUNTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND ALLOCATION TO VALUATION
            CATEGORIES

T.39 CARRYING AMOUNTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND THEIR FAIR VALUE (IN € MILLION)

                                                              Measurement
                                                              categories
                                                              under         Carrying                                              Carrying
                                                              IFRS 9         amount    Fair value   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3    amount    Fair value   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3
                                                                                2025         2025                                     2024         2024

Financial assets
                                                              1)
Cash and cash equivalents                                      AC              290.0                                                 368.2
Trade receivables                                             AC               913.4                                               1,246.5
Other current financial assets
  Derivatives – hedge accounting                              n/a               31.3         31.3                31.3                102.9       102.9               102.9
                                                              2)
  Derivatives – no hedge accounting                              FVPL           10.8         10.8                10.8                 44.1        44.1                44.1
  Lease receivables                                           n/a                8.8                                                  12.4
  Remaining current financial assets                          AC                34.9                                                 168.8
Other non-current financial assets
  Derivatives – hedge accounting                              n/a                2.4          2.4                 2.4                 28.0         28.0                28.0
                                                              3)
  Investments                                                    FVOCI          19.6         19.6      19.6                           18.5         18.5      18.5
  Lease receivables                                           n/a                9.0                                                  15.8
  Remaining non-current financial assets                      AC                29.2                                                  33.1
Financial liabilities
Current borrowings
  Borrowings from banks                                       AC               722.8                                                  61.6
  Promissory note loans (PNL)                                 AC               206.5       206.8               206.8                  70.0         69.9                69.9
Trade payables                                                AC             1,271.4                                               1,893.5
Current lease liabilities                                     n/a              217.6                                                 220.6
Other current financial liabilities
  Derivatives – hedge accounting                              n/a               53.3         53.3                53.3                 13.7         13.7                13.7
  Derivatives – no hedge accounting                           FVPL              55.7         55.7                55.7                  6.2          6.2                 6.2
  Remaining current financial liabilities                     AC                35.1                                                  27.2
Non-current borrowings (PNL)                                  AC               424.2       430.4               430.4                 356.4       361.0               361.0
Non-current lease liabilities                                 n/a            1,011.2                                               1,010.0
Other non-current financial liabilities
  Derivatives – hedge accounting                              n/a                3.4          3.4                 3.4                  1.9          1.9                 1.9
  Remaining non-current financial liabilities                 AC                 0.3                                                   1.0
Total financial assets at amortised cost                                     1,267.5                                               1,816.6
Total financial liabilities at amortised cost                                2,660.2                                               2,409.6
Total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                     10.8                                                  44.1
Total financial liabilities at fair value through profit or
  loss                                                                          55.7                                                   6.2
Total financial assets at FVOCI                                                 19.6                                                  18.5

1)
            AC = at amortised cost

2)
            FVPL = fair value through PL

3)
            FVOCI (fair value through OCI) = equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income




                                                                                                – II-47 –
APPENDIX II                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

         Financial instruments that are measured at fair value in the balance sheet were determined using the
   following hierarchy:

           Level 1: Use of prices quoted on active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

         Level 2: Use of input factors that do not involve the quoted prices stated under level 1, but can be
   observed for the asset or liability either directly (i.e. as the price) or indirectly (i.e. derived from the price).

           Level 3: Use of factors for the valuation of the asset or liability that are based on non-observable market
   data.

         Reclassification between different levels of the fair value hierarchy are recorded at the end of the reporting
   period in which the change occurred.

         The fair value of the investments held for strategic reasons only refers to equity instruments of the
   category “fair value through OCI” (FVOCI) and is determined on the basis of level 1. The market values of the
   derivative assets and liabilities as well as the fair value of the promissory note loans were determined in
   accordance with level 2.

         The following table shows the measurement techniques used for determining Level 2 fair values for
   financial instruments.

           T.40 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE – LEVEL 2

                                                                                                              Connection between
                                                                                                              material,
                                                                                       Material,              non-observable input
                                                                                       non-observable input   factors and fair value
           Type               Measurement technique                                    factors                measurement

           Foreign exchange   The fair values are determined on the basis of current   Not applicable         Not applicable
             forward            market parameters, i.e., reference prices observable
             contracts          on the market, taking into account forward
                                premiums and discounts. The discounted result of
                                the comparison of the forward price on the reporting
                                date with the forward price of the valuation date is
                                included in the measurement.

                                The fair values are also checked for the
                                counterparty’s non-performance risk. In doing this,
                                PUMA calculates credit value adjustments (CVA) or
                                debt value adjustments (DVA) on the basis of an
                                up/down method, taking current market information
                                into account, in particular the creditworthiness of
                                the company’s business partners. No material
                                deviations were found, so that no adjustments were
                                made to the fair value determined.

           Currency options   The valuation is based on Garman Kohlhagen model,        Not applicable         Not applicable
                                an extended version of the Black Scholes model.

           Promissory note    The valuation takes into account the cash value of       Not applicable         Not applicable
             loans              expected payments, discounted using a risk-adjusted
                                discount rate.




                                                          – II-48 –
APPENDIX II                            FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

                                                                                                                   Connection between
                                                                                                                   material,
                                                                                          Material,                non-observable input
                                                                                          non-observable input     factors and fair value
         Type                  Measurement technique                                      factors                  measurement

         Interest rate         The valuation is based on the Black Scholes model.         Not applicable           Not applicable
           options

         Interest rate swaps   The valuation is carried out on the basis of the present   Not applicable           Not applicable
                                 value method, whereby the future cash flows of the
                                 fixed and variable interest components are
                                 discounted using current market interest rates.

         Of the fair value of the derivatives with a hedge relationship with positive market values of €33.7 million
   (previous year: €131.0 million), €30.4 million (previous year: €125.4 million) related to the valuation of the
   spot component. Of the fair value of the derivatives with a hedge relationship with negative market values of
   €56.7 million (previous year: €15.5 million), €67.0 million (previous year: €13.0 million) related to the
   valuation of the spot component.

         Cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables and other receivables have short maturities. Accordingly, as
   of the reporting date, the carrying amount approximates fair value. Receivables are stated at nominal value,
   taking into account deductions for credit risk.

          The fair values of other financial assets correspond to their carrying amount, as the interest calculation
   occurs at the prevailing market interest rates on the balance sheet date. Other (current and non-current) financial
   assets include €35.4 million (previous year: €38.9 million) that were pledged as rental or other deposits at usual
   market rates.

         Trade payables have short residual maturities. The recognised amounts therefore approximate fair value.

         The remaining financial liabilities have short residual maturities; the recognised amounts therefore
   approximate fair value.

   NET PROFIT OR LOSS BY MEASUREMENT CATEGORY

         The following table shows the net profit or loss by measurement category:

         T.41 NET GAINS/LOSSES FROM FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                                           2025                      2024

         Financial assets at amortised cost (AC)                                                           -25.0                      13.6
         Financial liabilities at amortised cost (AC)                                                      -61.8                    -148.6
         Derivatives without hedging relationship measured at fair
           value through profit or loss (FVPL)                                                             -36.3                     63.4
         Financial assets measured at fair value through other
           comprehensive income (FVOCI)                                                                      1.2                      -2.4

          The net result was determined by taking into account interest income and expense, dividends, currency
   exchange effects, changes in provisions for risks as well as gains and losses from disposals. It also includes
   effects from the fair value measurement of derivatives without a hedging relationship.

         The net result includes interest income of €11.5 million (previous year: €29.4 million) and interest
   expenses of €55.2 million (previous year: €64.4 million) according to the effective interest method.

         General administrative expenses include changes in risk provisions for receivables.




                                                            – II-49 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

   DISCLOSURES RELATING TO FINANCIAL RISKS

         The PUMA Group is exposed to the following risks from the use of financial instruments:

         •      Credit risk

         •      Liquidity risk

         •      Market risk

         These risks and the principles of risk management are explained below.

   PRINCIPLES OF RISK MANAGEMENT

          The Management Board of PUMA SE is responsible for developing and monitoring risk management in the
   PUMA Group. To this end, the Management Board has set up a Risk Management Committee that is responsible
   for designing, reviewing and adapting the risk management system. The Risk Management Committee regularly
   reports to the Management Board on its work.

         The guidelines for the risk management system define the responsibilities, tasks and processes of the risk
   management system. The guidelines for the risk management system and the risk management system itself are
   reviewed regularly in order to be able to pick up on any changes in market conditions and PUMA’s activities and
   incorporate them accordingly.

          The Audit Committee, on the one hand, monitors the Management Board’s compliance with the guidelines
   and the Group risk management processes. On the other hand, the Audit Committee monitors the effectiveness of
   the risk management system with regard to the risks to which the PUMA Group is exposed.

          The Internal Audit department supports the Audit Committee in its monitoring tasks. To this end, regular
   audits and ad hoc audits are also carried out by the Internal Audit department. Their results are reported directly
   to the Audit Committee.

   CREDIT RISK

         Credit risk is the risk of financial loss if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet
   its contractual obligations. Credit risk arises principally from trade receivables and from other contractual
   financial obligations of the counterparty, such as cash and cash equivalents and derivative financial instruments.

        Without taking into account any existing credit insurance policies or other guarantees received, the
   maximum credit risk is equal to the carrying amount of the financial assets.

          At the end of financial year 2025, there was no relevant concentration of credit risk by customer type or
   region. Credit risk is mainly influenced by individual customer characteristics. In accordance with our credit
   guidelines, new customers are checked for creditworthiness before we offer them our regular payment and
   delivery terms. In addition, we set specific receivables limits for each customer. In particular, the international
   credit insurance programme that PUMA has concluded for all major subsidiaries contributes to risk mitigation.
   The creditworthiness of our customers and the limits on receivables are monitored on an ongoing basis, which
   also includes requests for individual credit limits from credit insurance providers for all customers who have
   external accounts that exceed a certain value limit. The credit insurer’s response to such credit limit requests
   always includes information on the creditworthiness. Customers with a credit rating that does not meet the
   minimum requirements set may, as a rule, only acquire products against advance payment.

          Further activities to reduce credit risk include retention of title clauses, and also in individual cases the
   selective sale of trade receivables (without recourse) and the obtaining of bank guarantees or parent company
   guarantees for our customers.




                                                    – II-50 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

         At the end of the financial year 2025, no individual customers accounted for more than 10% of trade
   receivables.

         The central Treasury department has a comprehensive overview of the banks involved in currency hedging
   instruments and the management of cash and cash equivalents. Business with banks is focused on core banks
   with the appropriate credit rating (currently a minimum rating of BBB+ or better), while maximum risk amounts
   are specified for banks that have also been engaged in addition to this. The counterparty risks resulting from this
   are reviewed at least once every six months.

         In the year 2025, PUMA held derivative financial instruments with a positive market value of €44.5
   million (previous year: €175.1 million). The maximum credit risk exposure to any single bank from such assets
   amounted to €9.8 million (previous year: €34.6 million).

         In accordance with IFRS 7, the following table contains further information on the offsetting options for
   derivative financial assets and liabilities. Most agreements between financial institutions and PUMA include a
   mutual right to offsetting; the right to offsetting is only enforceable in the event of the credit of a business
   partner. Therefore, the criteria for offsetting in the balance sheet are not met.

         The carrying amounts of the derivative financial instruments affected by the aforementioned offsetting
   agreements are shown in the following table:

         T.42 OFFSETTING POSSIBILITIES OF DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                           2025                   2024

         Assets
         Gross amounts of financial assets recognised in the balance
           sheet                                                                           44.5                  175.1
         Financial instruments that qualify for offsetting                                  0.0                    0.0


         Net book value of financial assets                                                 44.5                 175.1
         Offsettable on the basis of framework agreements                                  -41.8                 -21.7


         Total net value of financial assets                                                 2.7                 153.5


                                                                                           2025                   2024

         Liabilities
         Gross amounts of financial liabilities recognised in the
           balance sheet                                                                  112.4                   21.8
         Financial instruments that qualify for offsetting                                  0.0                    0.0


         Net book value of financial liabilities                                          112.4                   21.8
         Offsettable on the basis of framework agreements                                 -41.8                  -21.7


         Total net value of financial liabilities                                          70.6                    0.1


   LIQUIDITY RISK

         Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group may not be able to meet its financial liabilities by delivering cash
   or other financial assets in accordance with the agreement. The objective of the Group in managing liquidity is to
   ensure that, as far as possible, sufficient cash and cash equivalents are always available in order to meet the
   payment obligations upon maturity, under both normal and strained conditions.




                                                    – II-51 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

          PUMA aims to maintain the amount of cash, cash equivalents and fixed loan commitments at a level that
   also covers the effects of an assumed downside scenario. This scenario simulates a sales slump combined with a
   significant drop in the gross profit margin, which in turn leads to an increase in inventories. Furthermore,
   increased trade receivables and increased investment volumes are assumed. The financial effects are also
   determined for this downside scenario, particularly regarding the necessary borrowing, which must be covered
   accordingly by free, confirmed credit lines.

         PUMA has confirmed credit lines totalling €2,562.8 million (previous year: €1,842.9 million), of which
   €1,202.2 million (previous year: €1,360.2 million) had not been utilised as of 31 December 2025. The increase
   in confirmed credit lines by €719.9 million compared to the previous year primarily results from taking out
   bridge financing in the amount of €500.0 million and two promissory note loan transactions in 2025 totalling
   €275.0 million, while the last tranche of €70.0 million of the second promissory note loan was repaid upon
   maturity in January 2025. As of 31 December 2025, €3.0 million (previous year: €0.0 million) in borrowings
   were utilised from credit lines granted only until further notice. The effective interest rate of the current and
   non-current borrowings was 3.6% (previous year: 4.7%). As is customary in the credit market, the financing
   instruments may be subject to a limitation on the disposal of fixed assets, maximum limits for secured liabilities
   as well as “cross-default” and “change-of-control” clauses. Furthermore, with the exception of the bridge
   financing, there are no additional covenants or material conditions.

          The promissory note loan transactions concluded in 2025 refer to a transaction successfully placed in May
   2025 totalling €210.0 million with a term of four (€147.0 million) to six years (€63.0 million). Furthermore, an
   additional promissory note loan of €65.0 million with a term of two years was issued in November 2025.

          The bridge financing of €500.0 million was granted in the form of an initially undrawn facility with an
   initial term of 12 months with two optional extension options to be exercised unilaterally by PUMA for six
   months each (maximum until February 2028). It is fully guaranteed by Santander CIB S.A. The disbursement is
   scheduled for the first quarter of 2026 and serves to refinance drawdowns from the syndicated credit already
   concluded in 2024 in order to create more liquidity headroom within this facility. The provisions in the credit
   agreement are largely based on those of the syndicated credit in order to ensure uniform, conflict-free
   compliance with the contractual frameworks. Typical for bridge financing – in addition to the term of up to two
   years – there is, however, in addition to the covenants already mentioned above, an early repayment obligation
   for the respective equivalent value if subscribed capital is increased, new financing instruments are issued, sales
   of assets exceeding an equivalent value of €10.0 million occur or dividend payments are made. The margin of
   the planned disbursements above EURIBOR increases over the up to two-year term each quarter and is initially
   between 0.9% and 1.2% and after 21 months between 2.6% and 2.9%.

         All conditions of all loan agreements are met as at the balance sheet date. The management board
   continues to assume that it will be able to meet these in the future as well.

          PUMA also participates in supplier financing agreements (for further explanations see Chapter 13), the
   main purpose of which is to allow suppliers to pre-pay their invoices via a bank on a voluntary basis.
   Programmes are offered by PUMA’s central sourcing company (PUMA International Trading GmbH) for suppliers
   exporting goods to PUMA subsidiaries worldwide and by individual local PUMA subsidiaries for local deliveries
   from local suppliers. The financing partners involved in all of these programmes are international banks from
   among the PUMA’s international core banks with an appropriate credit rating. From the Group’s point of view,
   the supplier financing agreements do not extend the payment terms or do not extend them significantly. Any
   extension of payment periods is at the sole discretion of the financing partners. For this reason, and in view of
   the balanced distribution of the programmes across five of the Group’s core banks, PUMA faces no additional
   liquidity risk.




                                                   – II-52 –
APPENDIX II                       FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

          The following table shows the future cash outflows from the financial liabilities existing as at the
   reporting date, as well as the contractual Cash Flows in connection with derivatives with a negative market
   value. These are non-discounted gross amounts including expected interest payments, but exclude presentation of
   the effects of offsetting:

         T.43 CONTRACTUAL CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCIAL LIABILITIES 2025 (IN € MILLION)

                                                        Total              2026               2027       2028 et seq.

         Non-derivative financial
           liabilities
         Borrowings 1                                -1,408.3             -949.2              -79.6            -379.5
         Trade payables                              -1,271.4           -1,271.4
         Other liabilities                              -35.3              -35.1               -0.2               -0.1
         Derivative financial liabilities              -106.7             -106.8                0.1                0.0
           Cash inflow derivative financial
              liabilities                             2,395.3            2,041.7             353.6
           Cash outflow derivative
              financial liabilities                  -2,501.9           -2,148.4            -353.5                0.0

         1
               The repayment of borrowings in 2026 relates, in addition to the repayment of the current portion of
               the promissory note loan, essentially to the repayment of the current utilisation of the syndicated
               loan. The credit line of the syndicated loan has a total amount of €1.2 billion and a term until 2029.
               The current utilisation of the RCF will be refinanced to a large extent in 2026 through the utilisation
               of the bridge financing.

         The following values were determined for the previous year:

         T.44 CONTRACTUAL CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCIAL LIABILITIES 2024 (IN € MILLION)

                                                        Total              2025               2026       2027 et seq.

         Non-derivative financial
           liabilities
         Borrowings                                    -523.7             -144.7            -217.9             -161.1
         Trade payables                              -1,893.5           -1,893.5
         Other liabilities                              -28.2              -27.2               -0.9               -0.1
         Derivative financial liabilities               -29.8              -25.6               -3.9               -0.3
           Cash inflow derivative financial
              liabilities                               798.0              726.9               71.1
           Cash outflow derivative
              financial liabilities                    -827.8             -752.5              -75.0               -0.3

   MARKET RISK

        Market risk is the risk that market prices, such as exchange rates, share prices or interest rates, may
   change, thereby affecting the income of the Group or the value of the financial instruments held.

         The aim of market risk management is to manage and control market risk within acceptable margins while
   optimising returns.

         To manage market risks, PUMA acquires and sells derivatives and also enters into financial liabilities. All
   transactions are carried out within the framework of the Group’s risk management regulations.




                                                   – II-53 –
APPENDIX II                       FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

   CURRENCY RISK

         PUMA is exposed to transactional foreign currency risks such that the quoted currencies used for
   acquisition, disposal and credit transactions and for receivables do not match the functional currency of the
   Group companies.

         In the financial year 2025, PUMA designated currency hedges in the Cash Flow hedge accounting in order
   to hedge the amount payable of purchases denominated in USD, and converted to EUR, as well as for other
   currency risks resulting from internal resale to PUMA subsidiaries.

         Furthermore, foreign currency risks may arise from intra-group loans issued for financing purposes. To
   hedge currency risks associated with converting intra-group loans denominated in foreign currencies into the
   functional currencies of the Group companies (EUR), currency swaps and foreign exchange forward contracts are
   used.

          The estimated foreign currency risks are initially subjected to a quantitative materiality test, while
   simultaneously taking hedging costs into account. Material risks are then hedged, in accordance with the Group
   directive, up to a hedging ratio of up to 95% of the estimated foreign currency risks from expected acquisition
   and disposal transactions over the next 12 to 15 months. Forward exchange contracts and currency options,
   usually with a term of around 12 months from the reporting date, are used to hedge the foreign currency risk. For
   significant risks that are subject to large hedging costs, high hedging ratios can only be achieved over shorter
   terms.

         The summarised quantitative information about the Group’s currency risk is as follows:

         T.45 CURRENCY RISK 2025 (IN € MILLION)

         As of 31 December 2025                                    USD                  MXN                    JPY

         Risk from forecast transactions                       -1,231.0                 103.0                 169.7
         Balance sheet risk                                      -519.7                 191.8                   4.1


         Gross risk                                            -1,750.7                 294.8                 173.8
         Hedged with currency options                             340.4                   0.0                  -1.4
         Hedged with foreign exchange forward
          contracts                                             1,369.4                -207.0                -135.5


         Net risk                                                 -40.9                  87.8                  36.9


         T.46 CURRENCY RISK 2024 (IN € MILLION)

         As of 31 December 2024                                    USD                  MXN                    JPY

         Risk from forecast transactions                       -1,698.5                 248.4                 185.7
         Balance sheet risk                                      -753.9                  87.4                   8.1


         Gross risk                                            -2,452.4                 335.7                 193.8
         Hedged with currency options                             221.4                   0.0                 -39.9
         Hedged with foreign exchange forward
          contracts                                             2,318.2                -155.2                -112.2


         Net risk                                                  87.2                 180.5                  41.7


         Forward exchange contracts and the risk from forecast transactions were calculated on a one-year basis.




                                                  – II-54 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

         The nominal amounts of open exchange rate-hedging transactions refer primarily to forward exchange
   contracts in a total amount of €3,177.3 million (previous year: €4,135.4 million).

         The market values of open exchange rate-hedging transactions on the balance sheet date consist of:

         T.47 MARKET VALUE OF EXCHANGE RATE HEDGING CONTRACTS (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                        2025                  2024

         Foreign exchange forward contracts                                             43.1                  161.0
         Currency options                                                                0.3                   14.1


         Currency hedging contracts, assets                                             43.4                  175.1


         Foreign exchange forward contracts                                            107.4                   21.0
         Currency options                                                                5.0                    0.0


         Currency hedging contracts, liabilities                                       112.4                   21.0


         Net                                                                            -69.0                 154.1


         The net risk position and the average hedged interest rate are as follows:

         T.48 AVERAGE HEDGING RATES

                                                           2025                               2024
                                                     Current    Non-current             Current    Non-current

         Currency risk
         Net risk position ( € million)           976.9           441.3         1,403.8                       496.1
         Foreign exchange forward
           contracts
         Average EUR/USD exchange rate            1.147           1.190           1.113                      1.117
         Average EUR/MXN exchange rate           22.501               –          21.969                          –
         Average EUR/JPY exchange rate          159.361               –         157.814                    155.475
         Currency options
         Average EUR/USD exchange rate
           (Put/Call)                      1.124/1.1193               –     1.060/1.126                1.110/1.162
         Average EUR/MXN exchange rate
           (Put/Call)                                 –               –               –                          –
         Average EUR/JPY exchange rate
           (Put/Call)                   177.450/180.000 176.589/180.000 145.990/159.979                          –

   Currency sensitivity analysis

         To represent market risks, IFRS 7 requires sensitivity analyses that show the effects of hypothetical
   changes in relevant risk variables on earnings and equity. The periodic effects are determined by applying
   hypothetical changes in risk variables to the portfolio of financial instruments as of the reporting date. It is
   assumed that the portfolio as of the reporting date is representative of the entire year.

          Currency risks as defined by IFRS 7 arise on account of financial instruments that are denominated in a
   currency which differs from the functional currency and are monetary in nature. Differences resulting from the
   conversion of the individual financial statements to the group currency are not taken into account. All
   non-functional currencies in which PUMA employs financial instruments are generally considered to be relevant
   risk variables.




                                                   – II-55 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

         The currency sensitivity analysis is based on the net balance sheet risk denominated in foreign currencies.
   This also includes intra-group monetary assets and liabilities. In addition, outstanding currency derivatives are
   revalued as part of the sensitivity analysis.

         The following table shows the increase or decrease of profit or loss or Cash Flow hedging reserve in
   equity in the event of a 10% appreciation or depreciation against the euro spot price. It is assumed that all other
   influencing factors, including interest rates and commodity prices, remain constant. The effects of the forecasted
   operating Cash Flows are also ignored.

         T.49 SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES 2025
              (IN € MILLION)

         As of 31 December 2025                                     USD                  MXN                     JPY

         Nominal amounts of outstanding
          hedge contracts                                      1,818.8                 -207.0                -135.5
                                                             EUR +10%               EUR +10%              EUR +10%
         Equity                                                  -94.5                    9.6                  -7.4
         Profit or loss                                           -0.2                   -0.4                  -0.2
                                                             EUR -10%               EUR -10%              EUR -10%
         Equity                                                  200.6                   -5.4                 -33.6
         Profit or loss                                            0.3                    0.5                   0.3

         T.50 SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES 2024
              (IN € MILLION)

         As of 31 December 2024                                     USD                  MXN                     JPY

         Nominal amounts of outstanding
          hedge contracts                                      2,710.0                 -155.2                -161.9
                                                             EUR +10%               EUR +10%              EUR +10%
         Equity                                                 -286.1                   10.1                  10.7
         Profit or loss                                            2.5                   -1.0                  -0.1
                                                             EUR -10%               EUR -10%              EUR -10%
         Equity                                                   99.6                  -16.8                 -23.8
         Profit or loss                                           -3.1                    1.2                   0.1

        Currency risks and other risk and opportunity categories are discussed in greater detail in the Combined
   Management Report in the Risk and Opportunity Report.

   INTEREST RATE RISK

         The interest rate risk in the PUMA Group is primarily attributable to variable-interest borrowings. Interest
   rate management is carried out centrally by the Treasury division on the basis of specified limits. Within this
   framework, the division manages and monitors interest rate risk through the use of interest rate derivatives.
   Transactions are only concluded with counterparties that are creditworthy. Derivative financial instruments must
   not be used for speculative purposes, but only to hedge risks related to underlying transactions.

         As of 31 December 2025, €354.0 million (previous year: €153.0 million) of the promissory note loans
   with a fixed term were subject to variable interest, for which maturity-matched interest rate hedges were
   concluded. A further €715.5 million in current bank loan drawdowns are also subject to variable interest. Since
   €100.0 million have already been refinanced at a fixed interest rate for two years at the end of January 2026
   subsequent to the balance sheet date, and this is planned for a further €400.0 million in the short term, the
   remaining interest rate risk is immaterial.




                                                   – II-56 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

          For the variable-rate promissory note tranches totalling €150.0 million in May 2023, interest rate collars
   were also entered into in the same amount and with the same term to hedge the interest rate risk. In addition,
   further variable-rate promissory note loans totalling €204.0 million were hedged in 2025 by entering into interest
   rate swaps.

          There is an economic relationship between the underlying and hedging transactions, since the terms of the
   interest rate collars and interest rate swaps correspond to those of the floating rate loans. This applies to the
   nominal amount, maturity, payment and interest adjustment dates. The underlying risk of interest rate collars and
   interest rate swaps is identical to that of the hedged risk components. A hedge ratio of 1:1 has therefore been
   established for the hedging relationship.

         The net risk position and the average hedged interest rate are as follows:

         T.51 AVERAGE HEDGED INTEREST RATE

                                                           2025                                 2024
                                                     Current    Non-current               Current    Non-current

         Interest rate risk
         Net risk position ( € million)                    0.0               0.0               3.0
         Average hedged interest rate in %
           based on current fixing
           (Cap/Floor)                             4.8%/1.5%         4.7%/1.5%                            4.7%/1.5%
         Average hedged interest rate in %
           based on current fixing (swaps)                                 2.2%

   Interest sensitivity analysis

          The result in the Group depends on the development of the market interest rate level. A change in the
   interest rate level would have an impact on the Group’s income and equity. The analysis carried out includes all
   interest-bearing financial instruments that are subject to interest rate risk.

         A change in the interest rate level of 100 basis points would have the following effects on profit or loss
   and the Cash Flow hedging reserve in equity:

         T.52 SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS FOR INTEREST RATE RISK (IN € MILLION)

                                                           2025                                 2024
                                                       +1.0%              -1.0%             +1.0%             -1.0%

         Equity                                            5.7              -6.1               0.0                0.0
         Profit or loss                                    0.0               0.0               0.4               -1.5




                                                   – II-57 –
APPENDIX II                                          FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

          DISCLOSURES ON HEDGING INSTRUMENTS DESIGNATED IN A HEDGE RELATIONSHIP

                 On the balance sheet date, the amounts relating to items designated as hedged underlying transactions were
          as follows:

          T.53 DESIGNATED HEDGED ITEMS (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                                                                                            Balance
                                                                                                                                                       remaining in
                                                                                                                                                      the cash flow
                                                                                                                                                      hedge reserve
                                                                                                                                                      from hedging
                                                                                                                                                       relationships
                                                                       Change in                                                                          for which
                                                                  value used for                                                                              hedge
                                                                      calculating                                                                     accounting is
                                                                           hedge                  Cash flow                Reserve for                    no longer
                                                                  ineffectiveness              hedge reserve             hedging costs                       applied

                     As of 31 December 2025
                     Currency risk – sales transactions                          -50.7                      23.4                         -6.6                           0.0
                     Currency risk – sourcing
                       transactions                                            -114.0                      -44.3                        13.8                            0.0
                     Interest rate risk                                           1.2                        0.9                         0.0                            0.0
                     As of 31 December 2024
                     Currency risk – sales transactions                          -13.1                        5.3                        -4.3                           0.0
                     Currency risk – sourcing
                       transactions                                             175.3                       81.1                          4.4                           0.0
                     Interest rate risk                                           0.0                        0.0                         -0.3                           0.0

                The amounts relating to items designated as hedging instruments have the following effects on the
          consolidated statement of financial position and consolidated income statement:

                     T.54 DESIGNATED HEDGE INSTRUMENTS (IN € MILLION)

                                     Nominal value    Carrying amount
                                                                                                    Changes in the
                                                                                                      value of the
                                                                                Line item in the           hedging                             Amount
                                                                                balance sheet          instrument,                   reclassified from Line item in
                                                                                where the               recognised     Amount from       the cash flow the income
                                                                                hedging                    in other hedging reserve hedge reserve to statement
                                                                                instrument is       comprehensive     transferred to       the income affected by the
                                                       Assets       Liabilities included                    income cost of inventory         statement reclassification

                                                                                                                         in the financial year 2025
As of 31 December 2025
Currency risk – sales transactions           806.6       28.6            -8.4 other current/                  50.7                 –                  24.9 Sales
Currency risk – sourcing                   1,763.5        0.5           -58.7 non-current                    114.0              44.0                     – Cost of sales
  transactions                                                                  financial
Interest rate risk                           354.0        1.1             0.0 assets/liabilities              -1.2                 –                   0.0 Financial
                                                                                                                                                             expenses
                                                                                                                         in the financial year 2024
As of 31 December 2024
Currency risk – sales transactions         1,139.7       14.3           -13.0 other                           13.1                 –                  29.3 Sales
Currency risk – sourcing                   2,374.3      111.0             0.0 current/non-current           -175.3              -5.9                     – Cost of sales
  transactions                                                                  financial
Interest rate risk                           150.0        0.0             0.0 assets/liabilities               0.0                 –                   0.0 Financial
                                                                                                                                                             expenses




                                                                        – II-58 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

         The following table shows the reconciliation of the changes in equity in relation to hedging reserves:

         T.55 CHANGES IN THE HEDGING RESERVES (IN € MILLION)

                                                            2025                                 2024
                                                   Cash flow       Reserve for          Cash flow       Reserve for
                                                hedge reserve    hedging costs       hedge reserve    hedging costs

         Reserve as of 31 December                        86.4               -0.2              -3.9                0.0
         Transition effect IFRS 9                                                                                  4.9
         Reserve as of 1 January                          86.4               -0.2              -3.9                4.9
         Changes in the fair value
           Thereof currency risk 1                      -164.7              27.9             162.2                12.3
           Thereof interest rate risk                      1.2               0.4               0.0                 0.6
         Amount included in the
           acquisition cost of
           non-financial assets                           44.0                0.0              -5.9                0.0
         Amount reclassified to the
           income statement
           Thereof currency risk 2                       -24.3             -18.6              -29.3             -20.3
           Thereof interest rate risk                      0.0               0.0                0.0               0.0
         Tax effect                                       37.4              -2.2              -36.8               2.4


         Reserve as of 31 December                       -20.2                7.2              86.4               -0.2


         1
               The changes in the fair value of the reserve for hedging costs of €27.9 million (previous year:
               €12.3 million) relate to sales transactions in the amount of €-19.5 million (previous year: €-22.4
               million) and to procurement transactions in the amount of €47.4 million (previous year: €34.7
               million).

         2
               Of the amounts reclassified from the hedging reserve to the income statement, €19.7 million
               (previous year: €25.8 million) were incurred in connection with sales transactions and €-38.3
               million (previous year: €-46.1 million) in connection with sourcing transactions.

         The change in the fair values of options or the change in the forward components and the currency basis
   spreads of the forward exchange contracts are recorded as cost of a transaction-related hedging separately under
   equity in the reserve for hedging costs and are recognised in the financial result through profit or loss when the
   underlying transaction occurs.

          A small portion of the originally planned sourcing and sales volume in foreign currencies did not transpire,
   leading to an excess of hedging transactions. Hedge accounting was terminated for those sourcing and sales
   transactions that were no longer expected to transpire, and the fair value was transferred as a profit or loss from
   the Cash Flow hedging reserve to the consolidated income statement. As soon as any highly likely sourcing or
   sales transaction is no longer expected to transpire, an offsetting transaction is concluded. Across all currency
   pairs, an amount of €-23.8 million (previous year: €0.1 million) was recorded in the financial result through
   profit or loss (see also Chapter 21).




                                                   – II-59 –
APPENDIX II                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

15.   PENSION PROVISIONS

      Pension provisions result from employees’ claims and, if applicable, their survivors, for benefits which are based
on the statutory or contractual regulations applicable in the respective country in the event of invalidity, death or when
a certain retirement age has been reached. Pension commitments in the PUMA Group include both benefit- and
contribution-based pension commitments and include both obligations from current pensions and rights to pensions
payable in the future. The pension commitments are partially financed by external plan assets.

       The risks associated with the pension commitments mainly concern the usual risks of benefit-based pension plans
in relation to possible changes in the discount rate and inflation trends, and recipient longevity. In order to limit the
risks of changed capital market conditions and demographic developments, plans with the maximum obligations were
agreed or insured for new hires a few years ago in Germany and Great Britain. The specific risk of obligations based
on salary is low within the PUMA Group. The introduction of an annual cap for pensionable salary in the Great Britain
plan in 2016 covers this risk for the highest obligations. The Great Britain plan is therefore classified as a non-salary
obligation.

      T.56 PRESENT VALUE OF PENSION OBLIGATION 2025 (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                               Other
                                                        Germany       Great Britain         companies      PUMA Group

      Present value of pension obligation
        as of 31 December 2025
      Salary-based obligations
        Annuity                                                0.0               0.0               11.9              11.9
        One-off payment                                        0.0               0.0               11.7              11.7
      Non-salary based obligations
        Annuity                                               53.2              28.3                0.0              81.5
        One-off payment                                        8.5               0.0                0.0               8.5


      Total                                                   61.7              28.3               23.6             113.6


      The following values were determined for the previous year:

      T.57 PRESENT VALUE OF PENSION OBLIGATION 2024 (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                               Other
                                                        Germany       Great Britain         companies      PUMA Group

      Present value of pension obligation
        as of 31 December 2024
      Salary-based obligations
        Annuity                                                0.0               0.0               11.5              11.5
        One-off payment                                        0.0               0.0               10.9              10.9
      Non-salary based obligations
        Annuity                                               50.4              31.4                0.0              81.8
        One-off payment                                        8.3               0.0                0.0               8.3


      Total                                                   58.7              31.4               22.4             112.5




                                                       – II-60 –
APPENDIX II                            FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      The material pension plans are described in the following:

       The general pension scheme of PUMA SE essentially provides for pension payments to a maximum amount of
€127.82 per month and per eligible employee. It was closed for new members beginning in 1996. In addition, PUMA
SE provides individual commitments (fixed sums in different amounts) as well as contribution-based individual benefits
(in part from salary conversion). The contribution-based individual benefits are insured plans. There are no statutory
minimum funding requirements. The volume of domestic benefit obligations amounts to €61.7 million as of the end of
2025 (previous year: €58.7 million) and thus accounts for 54.3% (previous year: 52.2%) of the total obligation. The
fair value of the plan assets for the domestic obligations is €54.2 million (previous year: €51.0 million), while the
corresponding pension provision amounts to €7.5 million (previous year: €7.7 million).

      The defined benefit plan in Great Britain has been closed to new entrants since 2006. These are salary- and
service-dependent commitments for retirement, disability and surviving dependents’ pensions. In 2016, a growth cap of
1% p.a. on the pensionable salary was introduced. Partial capitalisation of the retirement pension is permitted. Statutory
minimum funding requirements apply. The liability for the benefit entitlements under the defined benefit plan in the
Great Britain amounted to €28.3 million at the end of 2025 (previous year: €31.4 million) and represents 24.9%
(previous year: 27.9%) of the total liability. The liability is covered by assets of €29.2 million (previous year: €28.9
million). The asset resulting from the surplus amounts to €0.9 million (previous year: provision of €2.5 million).

      The present value of the pension obligation has developed as follows:

      T.58 DEVELOPMENT OF PRESENT VALUE OF PENSION OBLIGATION (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                              2025                   2024

      Present value of pension obligation as of 1 January                                    112.5                  107.3
      Cost of the pension obligation earned in the reporting year                              2.0                    2.1
      Past service costs                                                                       1.2                    0.0
      Gains (-) and losses from plan settlement                                                0.3                    0.0
      Interest expense on pension obligation                                                   4.4                    4.8
      Employee contributions                                                                   3.0                    0.8
      Benefits paid                                                                           -4.7                   -4.3
      Effects from transfers                                                                   0.0                    0.1
      Actuarial gains (-) and losses                                                          -2.8                    0.5
      Currency exchange effects                                                               -2.3                    1.2


      Present value of pension obligation as of 31 December                                  113.6                  112.5

      Plan assets developed as follows:

      T.59 DEVELOPMENT OF PLAN ASSETS (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                              2025                   2024

      Plan assets as of 1 January                                                              85.6                  85.2
      Interest income on plan assets                                                            3.4                   3.8
      Actuarial gains and losses (-)                                                           -0.4                  -3.0
      Employer contributions                                                                    2.0                   0.8
      Employee contributions                                                                    3.0                   0.8
      Benefits paid                                                                            -2.8                  -3.2
      Currency exchange effects                                                                -1.6                   1.2


      Plan assets as of 31 December                                                            89.2                  85.6




                                                       – II-61 –
APPENDIX II                          FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      The pension provisions for the group are derived as follows:

      T.60 PENSION PROVISION (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                            2025                  2024

      Present value of pension obligation from benefit plans                               113.6                 112.5
      Fair value of plan assets                                                            -89.2                 -85.6


      Financing status                                                                      24.4                  26.9


      Pension provision as of 31 December                                                   24.4                  26.9
        Thereof assets                                                                       1.2                   0.4

        Thereof liabilities                                                                 25.6                  27.3

      In 2025, the benefits paid amounted to €4.7 million (previous year: €4.3 million). Payments of €11.5 million are
expected for 2026. Of this, €1.1 million is expected to be paid directly by the employer. The employer contributions to
external plan assets in 2025 amounted to €2.0 million (previous year: €0.8 million).

      Employer contributions of €2.3 million are expected for 2026.

      The present value of the pension obligation has developed as follows:

      T.61 DEVELOPMENT OF THE PENSION PROVISION (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                            2025                  2024

      Pension provision as of 1 January                                                     26.9                  22.1
      Pension expense                                                                        4.5                   3.1
      Actuarial gains (-) and losses recorded in other comprehensive
        income                                                                               -2.5                   3.5
      Employer contributions                                                                 -2.0                  -0.8
      Direct pension payments made by the employer                                           -1.9                  -1.1
      Transfer values                                                                         0.0                   0.1
      Currency exchange differences                                                          -0.6                   0.0


      Pension provision as of 31 December                                                   24.4                  26.9
        Thereof assets                                                                       1.2                   0.4
        Thereof liabilities                                                                 25.6                  27.3




                                                      – II-62 –
APPENDIX II                          FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      The expense in connection with the company pension scheme in the financial year 2025 is composed as follows:

      T.62 EXPENSES FOR DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                           2025                  2024

      Cost of the pension obligation earned in the reporting year                            2.0                   2.1
      Past service costs                                                                     1.2                   0.0
      Income (-) and expenses from plan settlements                                          0.3                   0.0
      Interest expense on pension obligation                                                 4.4                   4.8
      Interest income on plan assets                                                        -3.4                  -3.8
      Administration costs                                                                   0.0                   0.0


      Expenses for defined benefit plans                                                     4.5                  3.1
        Thereof personnel costs                                                              3.5                  2.1
        Thereof financial costs                                                              1.0                  1.0

       In addition to the defined benefit pension plans, PUMA also makes contributions to contribution plans. Payments
for financial year 2025 amounted to €22.9 million (previous year: €21.3 million).

      Actuarial gains and losses recorded in Other comprehensive income:

      T.63 GAINS AND LOSSES RECORDED IN OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                           2025                  2024

      Revaluation of pension commitments                                                    -2.8                  0.5


        Actuarial gains (-) and losses resulting from changes in
         demographic assumptions                                                             0.1                  -0.1
        Actuarial gains (-) and losses resulting from changes in financial
         assumptions                                                                        -3.7                  -0.5
        Actuarial gains (-) and losses due to adjustments based on
         experience                                                                          0.7                  1.1

      Revaluation of plan assets                                                             0.4                  3.0


      Amounts not recorded due to the maximum limit applicable to
        assets                                                                               0.0                  0.0
      Adjustment of administration costs                                                     0.0                  0.0
      Total revaluation amounts recorded directly in other
        comprehensive income                                                                -2.5                  3.5




                                                      – II-63 –
APPENDIX II                             FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      Plan assets investment classes:

      T.64 PLAN ASSETS INVESTMENT CLASSES (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                           2025                  2024

      Cash and cash equivalents                                                             1.4                   1.2
      Equity instruments                                                                    4.4                   6.1
      Bonds                                                                                13.7                   7.0
      Investment funds                                                                      3.3                   3.5
      Derivatives                                                                           5.9                   7.8
      Real estate                                                                           1.0                   3.2
      Insurance                                                                            54.2                  51.3
      Other                                                                                 5.3                   5.5


      Total plan assets                                                                    89.2                  85.6


      Of which asset classes with a quoted market price:

      T.65 PLAN ASSETS WITH A QUOTED MARKET PRICE (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                           2025                  2024

      Cash and cash equivalents                                                             1.4                    1.2
      Equity instruments                                                                    4.4                    6.1
      Bonds                                                                                13.7                    7.0
      Investment funds                                                                      3.3                    3.5
      Derivatives                                                                           5.9                    7.8
      Real estate                                                                           0.0                    2.4
      Insurance                                                                             0.0                    0.0
      Other                                                                                 5.0                    5.4


      Plan assets with a quoted market price                                               33.7                  33.4


      Plan assets still do not include the Group’s own financial instruments or real estate used by Group companies.

       The plan assets are used solely to fulfil the defined benefit obligations. In some countries, there are legal
requirements for the type and amount of funds to be selected, while in others (e.g. Germany), the financing of pension
obligations is on a voluntary basis. In Great Britain, a trustee board comprising representatives of the company and
employees is responsible for asset management. The investment strategy aims for long-term gains with tolerable
volatility. The investment strategy was revised in 2025. Investment risks were reduced due to the improved funding of
the plan. The trustees will continue to monitor the investment strategy.

      The following assumptions were used to determine pension obligations and pension expenses:

      T.66 ASSUMPTIONS USED TO DETERMINE THE PENSION OBLIGATIONS

                                                                                           2025                  2024

      Discount rate                                                                       4.29%                4.17%
      Future pension increases                                                            1.82%                2.00%
      Future salary increases                                                             2.32%                2.24%




                                                     – II-64 –
APPENDIX II                             FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      The indicated values are weighted average values. A standard interest rate of 3.75% was applied for the eurozone
(previous year: 3.50%).

     The 2018 G Heubeck guideline tables were used as mortality tables for Germany. For Great Britain, the mortality
was assumed based on basic table series S4 taking into account life expectancy projections in accordance with
CMI2024 with a long-term trend of 1%.

       The following overview shows how the present value of pension obligations from benefit plans would have been
affected by changes to significant actuarial assumptions.

      T.67 SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS FOR PENSION OBLIGATION (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                              2025                     2024

      Effect on present value of pension obligations if
        the discount rate were 50 basis points higher                                          -3.6                     -3.9
        the discount rate were 50 basis points lower                                            4.1                      4.3

       Salary and pension trends have only a negligible effect on the present value of pension obligations due to the
structure of the benefit plans.

      The weighted average duration of pension obligations is around 11 years (previous year: around 12 years).

16.   OTHER PROVISIONS

      T.68 OTHER PROVISIONS (IN € MILLION)

                                 2024                                                        2025                       2024
                                         Currency
                                          changes,                                                        Thereof     Thereof
                                         transfers   Additions   Utilisation   Reversals              non-current non-current
      Provisions for:

      Warranties                  2.1         -0.1         1.4          -0.9        -0.3       2.1           0.0          0.0
      Purchasing risks            3.9          0.0         0.6           0.0        -2.0       2.4           0.0          0.0
      Legal risks                14.0         -0.5         3.3          -2.0        -2.2      12.6           6.3          6.0
      Dismantling
        obligations              16.4         -1.2         4.6          -2.1        -1.1      16.5          13.0         13.4
      Personnel provisions       19.2          0.4         6.0          -9.3        -3.6      12.7           7.3          9.9
      Provisions of
        termination of the
        employments               0.0         -0.1        25.1           0.0         0.0      25.1           0.0          0.0
      Other                      12.8         -0.5         6.3          -5.1        -2.0      11.5           0.0          0.0


      Total                      68.2         -1.9        47.2        -19.3        -11.3      83.0          26.5         29.3


       The warranty provision is determined on the basis of the historical value of sales generated during the past six
months. It is expected that the majority of these expenses will fall due within the first six months of the next financial
year. Purchasing risks relate primarily to materials and moulds that are required for the manufacturing of shoes and
result in cash outflows in the subsequent period.

      The provisions relating to dismantling obligations are predominantly long-term and are incurred in connection
with the retail stores, warehousing areas and office space rented by the Group. They are established on the basis of the
expected settlement values and the agreed rental periods. Estimates are made in relation to costs and the actual amount
of time that such properties are in use.




                                                       – II-65 –
APPENDIX II                          FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      Personnel provisions mainly relate to non-current variable compensation components. The litigation risks relate
to any form of legal dispute, including those relating to trademark and patent rights.

      The provisions for termination of employment comprise expenses for benefits granted within the scope of a
voluntary severance programme. The corresponding commitment was recognised at the time when the entity was legally
or constructively bound to the severance offer and could no longer unilaterally withdraw it.

      Other provisions exist for other risks, particularly in connection with procurement.

      Current provisions are expected to be paid out in the following year, non-current provisions are expected to be
paid out in a period of up to ten years. There are no significant compounding effects. The recognition and valuation of
provisions is based on past experience of similar transactions. All events until the preparation of the consolidated
financial statements are taken into account here.

17.   EQUITY

      SUBSCRIBED CAPITAL

            The subscribed capital corresponds to the subscribed capital of PUMA SE.

             As of the balance sheet date, the subscribed capital amounts to €148,007,926.00 in accordance with the
      Articles of Incorporation (previous year: €149,698,196.00) and is divided into 148,007,926 (previous year:
      149,698,196) voting no-par-value shares. This corresponds to a notional value of €1.00 per share.

            In financial year 2025, the registered share capital was reduced by €1,690,270.

           All shares grant the same rights. The shareholders are entitled to receive the agreed dividends and have
      one voting right per share at the Annual General Meeting. This does not apply to treasury shares held by the
      Company, which do not grant the Company any rights.

            Changes in the outstanding shares:

            T.69 CHANGE IN OUTSTANDING SHARES

                                                                                              2025                 2024

            Outstanding shares as of 1 January, share                                148,824,413           149,844,544
            Repurchase of treasury stock, share                                       -1,687,753            -1,128,961
            Issue of treasury shares, share 1                                             72,245               108,830


            Outstanding shares as of 31 December, share                              147,208,905           148,824,413


            1
                  The issue of treasury shares relates to compensation in connection with promotional and advertising
                  agreements as well as remuneration for members of management.

      AUTHORISED CAPITAL

           As of 31 December 2025, the Company’s Articles of Association provide for authorised capital totalling
      €30,000,000.00:

            Pursuant to § 4.2 of the Articles of Incorporation, the Management Board is authorised, with approval of
      the Supervisory Board, to increase the share capital of the Company by up to €30,000,000.00 by issuing, once or
      several times, up to 30,000,000 new no-par-value bearer shares against contributions in cash and/or kind until 20
      May 2030 (Authorised Capital 2025). In case of capital increases against contributions in cash, the new shares
      may be acquired by one or several banks, designated by the Management Board, subject to the obligation to offer
      them to the shareholders for subscription (indirect pre-emption right). Shareholders generally have a subscription




                                                      – II-66 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

   right. However, the Management Board is authorised, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, to exclude
   shareholders’ subscription rights in whole or in part in the cases specified in § 4.2 of the Articles of
   Incorporation.

          The Management Board of PUMA SE did not make use of the existing authorised capital in the current
   reporting period.

   CONDITIONAL CAPITAL

          By resolution of the Annual General Meeting of 11 May 2022, the Management Board was authorised until
   10 May 2027, with the consent of the Supervisory Board, through one or more issues, altogether or in parts and
   in various tranches at the same time, to issue bearer or registered convertible and/or option bonds, profit-sharing
   rights or participation bonds or a combination of these instruments with or without a term limitation in a total
   nominal amount of up to €1,500,000,000.00.

         The share capital is conditionally increased by up to €15,082,464.00 by issue of up to €15,082,464 new
   no-par value bearer shares (Conditional Capital 2022). The conditional capital increase shall only be
   implemented to the extent that conversion/option rights are exercised, or the conversion/option obligations are
   performed, or tenders are carried out and to the extent that other forms of performance are not applied.

         No use has been made of this authorisation to date.

   TREASURY STOCK

           The resolution adopted by the Annual General Meeting on 7 May 2020 authorised the Company to
   purchase treasury shares up to a value of 10% of the share capital until 6 May 2025. By resolution of the Annual
   General Meeting of 5 May 2021, the Supervisory Board was authorised to issue the acquired shares to the
   members of the Management Board of the Company, excluding the shareholders’ subscription rights. By
   resolution of the Annual General Meeting of 11 May 2022, the Management Board was, moreover, authorised to
   issue the acquired shares, excluding the shareholders’ subscription rights, as part of the Company’s or its
   affiliated companies’ share-based payments or employee share programmes to individuals currently or formerly
   in an employment relationship with the Company or one of its affiliated companies or to members of the
   management of one of the Company’s affiliated companies. If purchased through the stock exchange, the
   purchase price per share must not exceed 10% or fall below 20% of the average closing price for the Company’s
   shares with the same attributes in the XETRA trading system (or a comparable successor system) during the last
   three trading days prior to the date of purchase.

         On the basis of the aforementioned authorisation of 7 May 2020/5 May 2021, the Management Board of
   PUMA SE approved a share buyback programme on 29 February 2024. The first tranche provides for the
   repurchase of treasury shares with a total purchase price of up to €100 million and began on 6 March 2024 for
   the period until 6 May 2025. In accordance with the authorisation granted by the Annual General Meeting 2020,
   the repurchased shares will be cancelled.

         By resolution of the Annual General Meeting on 22 May 2024, the aforementioned authorisation to acquire
   and utilise treasury shares was revoked and the Company was again authorised to acquire treasury shares of up to
   ten percent of the share capital until 21 May 2029. Furthermore, the Supervisory Board was authorised to issue
   the acquired shares to the members of the Management Board of the Company, excluding the shareholders’
   subscription rights. In addition, the Management Board was authorised to issue the acquired shares, excluding
   the shareholders’ subscription rights, as part of the Company’s or its affiliated companies’ share-based payments
   or employee share programmes to individuals currently or formerly in an employment relationship with the
   Company or one of its affiliated companies or to members of the management of one of the Company’s affiliated
   companies. If purchased through the stock exchange, the purchase price per share must not exceed 10% or fall
   below 20% of the average closing price for the Company’s shares with the same attributes in the XETRA trading
   system (or a comparable successor system) during the last three trading days prior to the date of purchase.

         As of the balance sheet date, the Company holds a total of 799,021 PUMA shares in its own portfolio,
   which corresponds to 0.54% of the subscribed capital.




                                                   – II-67 –
APPENDIX II                       FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

   REPURCHASE OF TREASURY SHARES

         Based on the abovementioned authorisation dated 7 May 2020/5 May 2021 the Management Board of
   PUMA SE decided to initiate a share repurchase programme on 29 February 2024. The first tranche provided for
   the buyback of treasury shares at a total purchase price of up to €100 million and started in March 2024 for a
   period ending on 6 May 2025.

         On 31 March 2025, PUMA SE completed the acquisition of shares under the share repurchase programme.
   Under the share buy-back, a total of 1,687,753 shares were repurchased in the financial year 2025. This
   corresponded to approx. 1.13% of the subscribed capital of the Company (based on €149,698,196.00). The
   average purchase price per share paid on the stock exchange amounted to €29.63. The total price of the acquired
   shares amounted to €50,000,005.59.

          The repurchased shares were redeemed as announced by the Company. PUMA SE has withdrawn 1,690,270
   units of the repurchased shares by resolution of the Board of Management dated 7 August 2025.

         Further information on the repurchase of treasury shares can be found in the following table.

         T.70 REPURCHASE OF TREASURY SHARES IN THE FINANCIAL YEAR

                                                                     Average           Share of              Share of
                               Number of         Total price   purchase price        subscribed            subscribed
         Month                    shares               in €    per share in €       capital in €         capital in %

         January                   411,990     15,008,721.36             36.43           411,990               0.28%
         February                  644,207     18,914,949.36             29.36           644,207               0.43%
         March                     631,556     16,076,334.87             25.46           631,556               0.42%
         April                           –                 –                 –                 –                   –
         May                             –                 –                 –                 –                   –
         June                            –                 –                 –                 –                   –
         July                            –                 –                 –                 –                   –
         August                          –                 –                 –                 –                   –
         September                       –                 –                 –                 –                   –
         October                         –                 –                 –                 –                   –
         November                        –                 –                 –                 –                   –
         December                        –                 –                 –                 –                   –


         Total                   1,687,753     50,000,005.59             29.63         1,687,753               1.13%


   DIVIDEND

         The amounts eligible for distribution relate to the retained earnings of PUMA SE, which is determined in
   accordance with German commercial law.

          The Management Board and the Supervisory Board will propose to the Annual General Meeting that, from
   the retained earnings of PUMA SE for financial year 2025, no dividend (previous year: €0.61) be distributed, as
   the consolidated net result as of 31 December 2025 is negative.




                                                  – II-68 –
APPENDIX II                     FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

       T.71 PROPOSED APPROPRIATION OF THE RETAINED EARNINGS OF PUMA SE

                                                                                       2025                   2024

       Retained earnings of PUMA SE as of 31 December, € million                      185.2                 510.5
       Retained earnings available for distribution, € million                        155.4                 510.5
       Dividend per share, €                                                           0.00                  0.61
       Number of outstanding shares, share 1                                    147,208,905           148,824,413
       Total dividend, € million 1                                                      0.0                  89.8
       Carried forward to the new accounting period, € million 1                      185.2                 420.8

       1
              Previous year’s values adjusted to the outcome of the Annual General Meeting

   RESERVES

       The equity reserves are broken down as follows:

       CAPITAL RESERVES

             The capital reserve includes the premium from issuing shares, as well as amounts from the grant,
       conversion and expiry of share options.

       Revenue reserves incl. retained earnings

             The revenue reserves incl. retained earnings include the net earnings of the financial year as well as
       the earnings achieved in the past by the companies included in the consolidated financial statements to the
       extent that it was not distributed. In addition, the valuation effects from the pension provision recognised
       in other comprehensive income are recognised in retained earnings, together with fees paid for the
       repurchase of treasury shares that exceed the nominal amount.

       Difference from foreign currency translation

              The equity item for currency translation serves to record the foreign exchange differences from the
       translation of the financial statements of subsidiaries with non-euro accounting.

       Cash flow hedging reserve

              The position of “Cash Flow hedging reserve” comprises the fair value of Cash Flow hedges
       (intrinsic value for options and the spot component for forward contracts) in relation to hedged
       transactions that have not yet occurred.

       Reserve for hedging costs – options

             The position includes the fair value of costs of hedging for Cash Flow hedges according to the “cost
       of hedging” approach (time value component).

       Reserve for hedging costs – forward contracts

             The position includes the fair value of costs of hedging for Cash Flow hedges according to the “cost
       of hedging” approach (time value component).

   NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS

       This item comprises non-controlling interests. The composition is shown in Chapter 29.




                                                  – II-69 –
APPENDIX II                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      CAPITAL MANAGEMENT

            The Group’s objective is to retain a strong equity base in order to maintain both investor and market
      confidence, and to strengthen future business performance.

            Capital management relates to the consolidated equity of PUMA. This is presented in the consolidated
      statement of financial position and in the consolidated statement of changes in equity.

18.   MANAGEMENT INCENTIVE PROGRAMMES

       In order to retain Management with a long-term incentive effect PUMA uses cash-settled virtual shares as well as
further global long-term incentive programmes.

      The current programmes are described below:

      EXPLANATION OF “VIRTUAL SHARES”, TERMED “MONETARY UNITS” (FULL TERM: MONETARY
      UNITS PLAN – MUP)

             In the 2013 financial year, the Company started granting “monetary units” on an annual basis as part of a
      management incentive plan for its Management Board members. Such “monetary units” are based on PUMA
      share performance. Each of these monetary units entitles the holder to a cash payment at maturity. Such granted
      cash payment measures the PUMA share performance by comparing the average virtual stock appreciation rights
      of the last thirty trading days prior to the beginning of the year of issue with the virtual stock appreciation rights
      of the last thirty trading days of the exercise date. The maximum stock appreciation rights are capped at 300 per
      cent of the amount allotted. These “monetary units” are subject to a vesting period (lock-up period) of three
      years followed by an exercise period of thirty days beginning on each quarterly report release date and expiring
      thirty days thereafter in which participants may freely choose to exercise their rights over a period of two years.
      The number of such monetary units is reduced on a pro rata basis, should a Management Board member
      withdraw from office at any time during the vesting period. This plan expired to be replaced by the performance
      share plan 2021. Against that backdrop, the Company ceased to issue any shares in connection with this plan in
      the 2025 financial year.

      EXPLANATION OF “VIRTUAL SHARES” (FULL TERM: PERFORMANCE SHARE PLAN 2021 – PSP
      21)

             Virtual shares were granted on an annual basis to members of the Management Board beginning in 2021 as
      part of a management incentive programme. The virtual shares are based on the PUMA share performance. Each
      of these virtual shares entitles the holder to a cash payment at the end of the term. However, the Supervisory
      Board reserves the right to make the payment in PUMA shares instead of cash. This cash payout is based on the
      PUMA closing prices for the last thirty trading days before the exercise date, increased by the accumulated
      dividends of the performance period. The final number of virtual shares is between 50% and 150%, depending on
      the relative “Total Shareholder Returns” (TSR) compared to the MDAX index. The PUMA and MDAX index
      TSRs are calculated using the arithmetic means of each of the TSR values on the 30 trading days before the start
      and end of the performance period. The averages calculated in this way for PUMA and the MDAX index are then
      compared with each other. The difference in percentage points between the PUMA TSR and the MDAX index
      TSR is then calculated (= TSR outperformance in percentage points). The maximum increase in value (cap) is
      limited to 300% of the amount allocated. Virtual shares are subject to a vesting period of four years. They are
      generally paid out within the first quarter of the fifth year after their issue. Virtual shares are reduced on a “pro
      rata” basis in the event of withdrawal during the vesting period. For the programmes issued in financial years
      2021 and 2022, the DAX acts as the basis for calculating virtual shares, while the MDAX index is used starting
      financial year 2023. The programme expired in financial year 2025 in favour of the Performance Share Plan
      2025. Therefore, no shares were issued from this programme in financial year 2025.




                                                       – II-70 –
APPENDIX II                       FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

   EXPLANATION OF “VIRTUAL SHARES” (FULL TERM: PERFORMANCE SHARE PLAN 2025 – PSP
   25)

          In the 2025 financial year, the Company started granting virtual shares on an annual basis as part of a
   management incentive plan for its Management Board members. Such virtual shares are based on PUMA share
   performance (50%), the average consolidated net income (30%) and the achievement of sustainability targets
   (20%). Each of these virtual shares entitles the holder to a cash payment at maturity. The Supervisory Board,
   however, reserves the right to effect pay-out in form of PUMA shares and not in cash. Such granted cash
   payment is based upon the PUMA closing prices of the last thirty trading days prior to the exercise date,
   increased by the accumulated dividends of the performance period. The number of virtual shares finally allocated
   ranges between 0% and 200%, depending on the weighted target achievement of the three components. 50% of
   the total target achievement depends on the relative “total shareholder return” (TSR) in relation to the MDAX
   stock index. Calculation of the PUMA and the MDAX stock index TSRs is in each case based on the arithmetic
   average of the TSRs of the last thirty trading days prior to the beginning and expiry of the performance period.
   The average values so determined for PUMA and the MDAX stock index are then compared with one another to
   determine the difference in percentage terms between the PUMA TSR and the MDAX stock index TSR (TSR
   outperformance in percentage points). 30 per cent of the total target achievement depends on the average
   consolidated net income. For this purpose, a target value is defined at the beginning of the performance period
   based on the medium-term planning of the PUMA Group. At the end of the performance period, this target value
   is compared against the average consolidated net income actually achieved in the performance period. 20% of the
   total target achievement depends on the achievement of sustainability targets. These are defined specifically for
   this purpose by the Supervisory Board. At the end of the performance period, the Supervisory Board evaluates
   the degree of achievement of the sustainability targets. The maximum increase in value of the virtual shares
   (Cap) is capped at 300% of the amount allotted. These virtual shares are subject to a blocking period (= vesting
   period + holding period) of four years. This consists of a three-year vesting period followed by a one-year
   holding period. In general, pay-out is effected within the first quarter of the fifth year after their issue. The
   number of such virtual shares is reduced on a “pro rata” basis, should a Management Board member withdraw
   from office at any time during the vesting period.

         In the 2025 financial year, additions of €0.6 million (previous year: €1.3 million) were made to the
   provision based on commitments under employment contracts to the members of the Management Board, and
   €0.7 million (previous year: €0.0 million) were reversed.




                                                  – II-71 –
APPENDIX II                              FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

         T.72 VIRTUAL SHARES, MEMBERS OF THE MANAGEMENT BOARD

         Plan                                   MUP      PSP 21       MUP      PSP 21     PSP 21     PSP 21     PSP 25
         Issue date                          1/1/2021   1/1/2021   1/1/2022   1/1/2022   1/1/2023   1/1/2024   1/1/2025

         Term                                      5       4.25          5       4.25       4.25       4.25       4.25 Years
         Vesting period                            3          4          3          4          4          4          4 Years
         Base price PUMA share at issue        86.23      86.23     106.95     106.95      51.86      54.92      45.18 EUR/share
         Reference value PUMA share at
           the end of the financial year           0          0      19.74      19.74      21.76      21.44      15.01 EUR/share
         Weighted share price at the
           time of exercise                    21.47      45.21        0.00       0.00       0.00       0.00       0.00 EUR/share
         Participants in the year of issue         3          2           1          3          4          5          5 Persons
         Participants at the end of the
           financial year                          0          0          1          3          4          5          5 Persons
         Number of monetary
           units/virtual shares as of
           1 January 2025                     25,606      7,070     10,323     13,629     69,082     72,368     74,744 Shares
         Number of monetary
           units/virtual shares exercised
           in the financial year             -25,350      -6,556         0          0          0          0          0 Shares
         Number of monetary
           units/virtual shares expired in
           the financial year                   -256       -514       -104       -857      -1,273     -4,322         0 Shares


         Final number of monetary
           units/virtual shares as of
           31 December 2025                        0          0     10,219     12,772     67,809     68,046     74,744 Shares


          This commitment consisting of share-based remuneration transactions with cash compensation is recorded
   as personnel provisions and remeasured at fair value on every balance sheet date, provided it has not been
   exercised yet. The expenses are recorded pro rata over the vesting period. Based on the valuation of external
   experts at fair value and taking into account exercises and reversals during the year in 2025, the provision for
   these programmes amounts to €4.3 million at the end of the fiscal year (previous year: €5.3 million). Included
   therein is a fixed amount of €0.9 million, which was granted to former members of the Management Board in
   the financial year for the settlement of pro rata entitlements to the 2025 tranche.

   EXPLANATION OF THE “GAME CHANGER 2.0” PROGRAMME

          In 2018, the long-term incentive programme (LTIP) “Game Changer 2.0” was launched. The participants in
   this programme consist primarily of top executives reporting to the Management Board, as well as special key
   functions within PUMA Group. The aim of this programme is to tie this group of employees to the Company in
   the long term and to offer them a share in the medium-term success of the Company.

          The LTIP “Game Changer 2.0” consists of two plan parts, a Performance Cash Plan and a Performance
   Share Plan, each with a 50% share. The Performance Cash Plan gives a reward for the PUMA Group’s financial
   performance, while the Performance Share Plan gives a reward for the performance of the PUMA SE share in the
   capital market.

         The performance period of the Performance Cash Plan is three years and is based on the average
   medium-term targets of the PUMA Group in terms of EBIT, sales and Cash Flow or working capital as a
   percentage of sales. Payment is made in cash after the end of the performance period and is limited to a
   maximum of 200% of the granted proportionate target amount (cap).




                                                           – II-72 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

          The Performance Share Plan uses virtual shares to manage the incentive. The term is up to five years. This
   is divided into a three-year performance period and a two-year exercise period in which the virtual shares are
   paid out in cash. A payout is only possible at the four exercise times (6, 12, 18 or 24 months after the end of the
   performance period). The average share price of the last 30 trading days before the exercise date determines the
   value of a virtual share. The payout is limited to a maximum of 300% of the pro-rata Target Amount granted and
   will only be paid out if the defined exercise hurdle (if applicable) has been reached at least once during the
   Performance Period.

        The payment is subject to the condition that the individual participants are in an active, unterminated
   employment relationship with a PUMA Group company on the specified date.

   EXPLANATION OF THE “GAME CHANGER 2.0 – 2023” PROGRAMME

          In 2020, the global programme “Game Changer 2.0 – 2023” was launched as presented above. The
   Performance Cash Plan is based on the targets EBIT (70%), Cash Flow (15%) and Sales (15%). Within the
   framework of the performance share component, the payout is limited to a maximum of 300% of the granted pro
   rata target amount (cap). In the reporting year, an amount of €0.2 million (of which €0.2 million from the
   Performance Share portion) was paid out to the group of participants. In the reporting year, no further expenses
   were added for this programme, and €0.1 million (previous year: €0.0 million) was reversed. There is no longer
   a provision for the programme (previous year: €0.1 million).

   EXPLANATION OF THE “GAME CHANGER 2.0 – 2024” PROGRAMME

          In 2021, the global programme “Game Changer 2.0 – 2024” was launched, which is subject to the same
   parameters as described above. The performance cash plan is based on targets in terms of EBIT (45%), working
   capital in per cent of net sales (15%), and net sales (40%). Pay-out of the performance share component is
   capped at a maximum of 300 per cent of the granted pro rata target bonus. Moreover, the programme is
   contingent upon an unbroken employment relationship until 31 December 2023. In the reporting year, a total of
   €0.2 million (of which €0.2 million from the performance share component) was paid out to the group of
   participants. Further, a total of €0.2 million (previous year: €0.8 million) was reversed and no expenses were
   allotted for this programme. The provision for this programme amounts to €0.1 million at the end of the
   financial year (previous year: €0.3 million). The performance share component accounts for €0.1 million
   (previous year: €0.3 million).

   EXPLANATION OF THE “GAME CHANGER 2.0 – 2026” PROGRAMME

          In 2023, the global “Game Changer 2.0 – 2026” programme, as outlined above, was launched. The
   Performance Cash Plan is based on the following targets: EBIT (70%), Cash Flow (15%) and sales (15%). As
   part of the Performance Share component, payment is limited to a maximum of 300% of the granted
   proportionate target amount (cap). An employment relationship until 31 December 2025 is required. In the
   reporting year, a prorated amount of €0.0 million (previous year: €1.5 million) was set aside and €0.7 million
   was released as a provision for this programme (previous year: €0.1 million). The provision for this programme
   amounts to €2.3 million at the end of the financial year (previous year: €3.1 million). The Performance Share
   Plan portion accounted for €1.0 million (previous year: €1.5 million).

   EXPLANATION OF THE “GAME CHANGER 2.0 – 2027” PROGRAMME

          In 2024, the global “Game Changer 2.0 – 2027” programme, as outlined above, was launched. The
   Performance Cash Plan is based on the following targets: EBIT (70%), Cash Flow (15%) and sales (15%). As
   part of the Performance Share component, payment is limited to a maximum of 300% of the granted
   proportionate target amount (cap). An employment relationship until 31 December 2026 is required. In the
   reporting year, a prorated amount of €0.4 million (previous year: €1.0 million) was set aside for this programme.
   The provision for this programme amounts to €0.9 million at the end of the financial year (previous year: €1.0
   million). The Performance Share Plan portion accounted for €0.5 million (previous year: €0.4 million).




                                                   – II-73 –
APPENDIX II                       FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

   EXPLANATION OF THE “ROAD 2 10B” PROGRAMME

          In 2022, the “Game Changer 2.0” programme was replaced by the one-time “Road 2 10B” long-term
   incentive programme (LTIP). The participants in this programme consist of key specialists and managers of the
   PUMA Group. The aim of this programme is to retain these employees in the long term and to allow them to
   participate in the medium-term success of the company.

          The LTIP “Road 2 10B” consists of two plan parts, a Performance Cash Plan and a Performance Share
   Plan, each with a 50% share. The Performance Cash Plan gives a reward for the PUMA Group’s financial
   performance, while the Performance Share Plan gives a reward for the performance of the PUMA SE share in the
   capital market.

         The Performance Cash Plan is focused on the following targets: EBIT, sales and working capital as a
   percentage of sales based on the three-year plan set by the Management Board of PUMA SE. For participants in
   the programme with an employment relationship at Group level, the target achievement is based on the following
   Group targets: EBIT (45%), sales (40%), and working capital as a percentage of sales (15%). For participants in
   the programme with an employment relationship at the national or regional level, 50% of the target achievement
   is based on achieving the Group targets. The remaining 50% is based on achieving the following targets at the
   national or regional level: EBIT (22.5%), sales (20%) and working capital as a percentage of sales (7.5%).
   Payment is made after the end of a three-year performance period and is limited to a maximum of 200% of the
   granted proportionate target amount (cap).

          The Performance Share Plan is based on the performance of the PUMA share price. The term is up to five
   years, divided into a three-year performance period and a subsequent two-year exercise period, in which the
   virtual shares are paid out in cash. A payout is only possible at the four exercise times (6, 12, 18 or 24 months
   after the end of the performance period). The average share price of the last 30 trading days before the exercise
   date determines the payout value of a virtual share. The payout is limited to a maximum of 300% of the granted
   prorated target amount (cap) and is only made if an exercise hurdle of +10% share-price appreciation is exceeded
   once during the performance period.

          The programme expired in the reporting year and no further expenses were added (previous year: €2.0
   million). There is no longer a provision for this (previous year: €7.6 million). An amount of €8.4 million (of
   which €0.0 million from the performance share portion) was paid out to the group of participants. In the
   reporting year, €0.1 million was reversed for this programme (previous year: €0.5 million).

   EXPLANATORY COMMENTS ON “RETENTION PLAN RESET 2028” PROGRAMME

          In 2025, the “Game Changer 2.0” programme was replaced on a one-off basis by the Long-Term Incentive
   Programme (LTIP) “Retention Plan Reset”. Participants in this programme consist mainly of top executives
   reporting to the Management Board and individual key positions in the PUMA Group. The objective of this
   programme is to retain these employees in the Company on a long-term basis. Participants receive an allocation
   amount determined at the start of the programme. The vesting period is three years and ends on 31 December
   2027. Payout is conditional upon the individual participants being in an active, unterminated employment
   relationship with a PUMA Group entity until the end of the vesting period. The payout takes place after the end
   of the vesting period.

         €1.4 million was allocated on a pro rata basis for this programme in the year under review. That resulted
   in provisions in the amount of €1.4 million for this programme at the end of the financial year.




                                                  – II-74 –
APPENDIX II                   FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      T.73 VIRTUAL SHARES, NON-MANAGEMENT BOARD MEMBERS

                                               Game     Game                  Game     Game
                                            Changer Changer        Road 2 Changer Changer
      Plan                                      2023     2024          10B     2026     2027
      Issue date                            1/1/2020 1/1/2021     1/1/2022 1/1/2023 1/1/2024

      Term                                        5          5          5        5         5 Years
      Vesting period                              3          3          3        3         3 Years
      Base price at programme start           67.69      86.23     106.95    51.86     54.92 EUR/share
      Reference value at the end of the
        financial year                            0      19.74          0    22.42     22.15 EUR/share
      Weighted share price at the time of
        exercise                              45.21      45.21          0        0        0 EUR/share
      Participants in the year of issue          60         76        486       84       59 Persons
      Participants at the end of the
        financial year                            0         13          0       70       49 Persons
      Number of virtual shares as of
        1 January 2025                        3,316      7,379     88,027   50,784    44,838 Shares
      Number of virtual shares expired in
        the financial year                        0       -824    -88,027    -6,757   -9,640 Shares
      Number of virtual shares added in
        the financial year (new
        participants)                             0          0          0        0        0 Shares
      Number of virtual shares exercised
        in the financial year                 -3,316     -1,907         0        0        0 Shares


      Final number of virtual shares
        as of 31 December 2025                    0      4,648          0   44,027    35,198 Shares




                                             – II-75 –
APPENDIX II                          FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT

19.   SALES

      Sales result from contracts with customers. The following tables show the breakdown by distribution channel and
product division:

      T.74 BREAKDOWN BY DISTRIBUTION CHANNEL (IN € MILLION) 1

                                                                                            2025                  2024

      Wholesale                                                                          4,935.0               5,972.6
      Direct-to-consumer (DTC)                                                           2,361.1               2,425.4


      Total                                                                              7,296.2               8,398.0


      T.75 BREAKDOWN BY PRODUCT DIVISION (IN € MILLION) 1

                                                                                            2025                  2024

      Footwear                                                                           4,113.8               4,733.6
      Apparel                                                                            2,328.5               2,703.7
      Accessories                                                                          853.9                 960.7


      Total                                                                              7,296.2               8,398.0


      1
              This information is part of PUMA’s 2025 Sustainability Statement in accordance with ESRS 2 SBM-1.

20.   OTHER OPERATING INCOME AND EXPENSES

       According to the respective functions, other operating income and expenses include personnel, advertising, sales
and distribution expenses as well as rental and leasing expenditure, travel costs, legal and consulting expenses and
other general expenses. Rental and lease expenses associated with the Group’s own retail stores include revenue-based
rental components.




                                                      – II-76 –
APPENDIX II                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      Other operating income and expenses are allocated based on functional areas as follows:

      T.76 OTHER OPERATING INCOME AND EXPENSES (IN € MIO.)

                                                                                              2025                   2024

      Sales and distribution expenses                                                      2,908.0                2,880.8
      Product management/merchandising                                                       100.1                   87.8
      Research & development                                                                  83.6                   92.4
      Administrative and general expenses                                                    643.2                  485.0


      Other operating expenses                                                             3,734.8                3,545.9
      Other operating income                                                                  -5.5                   -8.3


      Total                                                                                3,729.3                3,537.7


      Thereof personnel expenses                                                             988.1                  967.6
      Thereof depreciation and amortisation                                                  391.2                  370.2
      Thereof impairment losses                                                               75.1                    7.9
      Thereof reversals of impairment losses                                                  -1.3                  -29.4

      Within the sales and distribution expenses, marketing/retail expenses account for a large proportion of the
operating expenses. In addition to advertising and promotional expenses, they also include expenses associated with the
Group’s own retail activities. Other sales and distribution expenses include logistics expenses and other variable sales
and distribution expenses.

      The expenses for product management/merchandising consist of personnel and material costs for the preparation
of product range plans, provision of product guidelines and market research.

       Research and development expenses include all costs incurred in connection with global or local development
activities.

      Administrative and general expenses mainly include personnel and material costs from the human resources, IT,
finance, law and general administration/management functional areas.

      Impairment losses in the reporting year amounted to €31.2 million for right-of-use assets (previous year: €7.3
million), €1.9 million for property, plant and equipment (previous year: €0.6 million) and €42.2 million (previous
year: €0.0 million) for intangible assets. In contrast, there were reversals of impairment losses on right-of-use assets
amounting to €1.3 million (previous year: €29.4 million).

       In the consolidated financial statements of PUMA SE, fees of €2.8 million (previous year: €2.7 million) are
recognised as operating expenses for the auditor of the consolidated financial statements, i.e. KPMG AG
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Nuremberg, Germany. The audit fee consists of fees for audit services related to the
annual and consolidated financial statements as well as to the review of the half-year report in the amount of €2.5
million (previous year: €2.1 million), other assurance services in the amount of €0.3 million (previous year: €0.4
million), in particular for the assurance of the non-financial (group) report (by fully applying the first set of the ESRS
as a framework) as well as other services in the amount of €0.0 million (previous year: €0.2 million), which services
related to the CSRD/ESG sustainability readiness in anticipation of a future audit of sustainability reporting as well as,
to a minor extent, quality assurance in the implementation of regulatory requirements. In addition to the expenses for
PUMA SE, the fees also include the fees for the domestic and foreign subsidiaries directly audited by the auditor of the
consolidated financial statements.

      In financial year 2025, government grants amounted to a mid-single-digit million amount. Government grants are
deducted from the corresponding expenses.




                                                       – II-77 –
APPENDIX II                          FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      Other operating income comprises income from the sale of fixed assets in the amount of €3.1 million (previous
year: €2.3 million), capital gains from finance leases totalling €0.0 million (previous year: €2.5 million) and rental
income in the amount of €2.4 million (previous year: €3.4 million).

      In total, other operating expenses include personnel costs composed as follows:

      T.77 PERSONNEL COSTS (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                            2025                   2024

      Wages and salaries                                                                    782.6                 740.6
      Social security contributions                                                         109.1                 107.7
      Expenses from share-based payments with cash compensation                              -0.8                   4.4
      Expenses for retirement pension and other personnel expenses                           97.1                 114.9


      Total                                                                                 988.1                 967.6


      In addition, cost of sales includes personnel costs in the amount of €14.4 million (previous year: €17.7 million).

      T.78 THE AVERAGE NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES FOR THE YEAR WAS AS FOLLOWS: EMPLOYEES

                                                                                            2025                   2024

      Marketing/retail/sales                                                               13,661                13,564
      Research & development/product management                                             1,348                 1,435
      Administrative and general units                                                      3,494                 3,669


      Total annual average                                                                 18,503                18,668


      As of the end of the year, a total of 18,488 individuals were employed (previous year: 19,599).




                                                      – II-78 –
APPENDIX II                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

21.   FINANCIAL RESULT

      The financial result is composed as follows:

      T.79 FINANCIAL RESULT (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                             2025                  2024

      Interest income                                                                        11.4                  28.9
      Interest income – lease receivables                                                     1.7                   2.5
      Other financial income                                                                 62.0                 105.9


      Financial income                                                                       75.0                 137.3


      Interest expense                                                                      -56.1                 -65.6
      Interest expense – lease liabilities                                                  -55.7                 -51.1
      Interest expense of valuation of pension plans                                         -1.0                  -1.0
      Loss from foreign exchange differences, net                                           -16.4                 -88.5
      Other financial expenses                                                             -111.4                 -80.1


      Financial expenses                                                                   -240.7                -286.3


      Financial result                                                                     -165.6                -149.0


      Interest income comprises interest income from bank balances in the amount of €9.3 million (previous year:
€24.5 million) and other interest income in the amount of €2.0 million (previous year: €4.5 million).

      The item “Other financial income” amounting to €62.0 million (previous year: €105.9 million) includes forward
and time components recognised in profit or loss in connection with currency derivatives in the amount of €55.8
million (previous year: €65.8 million) as well as hedging gains from stand-alone derivatives amounting to €5.9 million
(previous year: €39.8 million), and dividend income amounting to €0.4 million (previous year: €0.4 million) from the
investment in Borussia Dortmund GmbH & Co. KGaA (BVB).

       In addition to €44.7 million (previous year: €40.0 million) in interest expense in connection with borrowings,
the item “Interest expense” also includes €11.5 million (previous year: €25.5 million) in interest expense for factoring
and other matters.

      The item “Other financial expenses” includes expenses from the forward component and the time value in
connection with currency derivatives of €36.5 million (previous year: €51.7 million), hedging losses from free
standing derivatives of €58.5 million (previous year: €2.2 million), the loss on net monetary position in connection
with hyperinflation of €7.8 million (previous year: €17.4 million), and the impairment of investment property of €8.6
million (previous year: €8.8 million).

22.   INCOME TAXES

      T.80 INCOME TAXES (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                             2025                  2024

      Current income taxes                                                                   72.0                 104.1
      Deferred taxes                                                                         48.7                  15.0


      Total                                                                                 120.7                 119.0




                                                       – II-79 –
APPENDIX II                            FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

       Current income taxes include €4.4 million in out-of-period income (previous year’s income: €4.6 million).
Deferred taxes include tax expense of €43.8 million (tax income in previous year: €5.0 million), which is attributable
to the occurrence or reversal of temporary differences.

       In general, PUMA SE and its German subsidiaries are subject to corporate income tax, plus a solidarity surcharge
and trade tax. Thus, a weighted mixed tax rate of 27.22% continued to apply for the financial year. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period when the asset is realised, the tax
loss carryforward or interest carryforward utilised or the liability is settled. Here, the gradual reduction of the corporate
income tax rate in Germany from 15% to 10% has been taken into account, which begins from the 2028 assessment
period. The amount of €11.7 million from changes in tax rates shown in the tax reconciliation is mainly attributable to
the reduction of corporate income tax in Germany planned from 2028.

      Reconciliation of theoretical tax expense to effective tax expense:

      T.81 TAX RATE RECONCILIATION (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                                2025                    2024

      Earnings before income tax                                                               -522.9                  399.7

      Theoretical tax expense
        Tax rate of the SE = 27.22% (previous year: 27.22%)                                    -142.3                  108.8
      Tax rate difference with respect to other countries                                        -1.8                   -1.2
      Other tax effects:
        Income tax for previous years                                                            -3.1                   -7.3
        Losses and temporary differences for which no tax claims were
          recognized                                                                            216.1                   11.0
        Changes in tax rates                                                                     11.7                    3.0
        Current tax expense related to global minimum top-up tax                                  2.1                    5.4
      Non-deductible expenses for tax purposes and non-taxable income
        and other effects                                                                        38.0                   -0.7


      Effective tax expense                                                                     120.7                  119.0


      Effective tax rate                                                                      -23.1%                  29.8%

      For the financial year 2025, the total tax benefit from previously unrecognised tax losses, tax credits or
temporary differences from prior years that led to a reduction in deferred tax expense amounts to €0.1 million
(previous year: €0.0 million). The deferred tax expense resulting from a write-down of deferred tax assets amounts to
€216.2 million in the financial year (previous year: €10.7 million).

       The PUMA Group falls within the scope of application of the global minimum taxation under the Pillar 2 tax
legislation. The PUMA Group makes use of the exemption for the recognition of deferred taxes that result from the
introduction of global minimum taxation and recognises it as a current tax as soon as it is incurred. Hong Kong, the
United Arab Emirates and Singapore have adopted new tax legislation that provides for the introduction of local
minimum taxation from 1 January 2025. As a result, from 2025, the relevant local subsidiaries will be responsible for
the minimum tax on their business activities rather than the parent company, PUMA SE.

     The tax effect resulting from items that were directly included in other comprehensive income can be found in
Chapter 8.

23.   EARNINGS PER SHARE

      The earnings per share are determined in accordance with IAS 33 by dividing the consolidated annual surplus
(consolidated net earnings) attributable to the shareholders of the parent company by the weighted average number of
outstanding shares.




                                                        – II-80 –
APPENDIX II                       FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

   The calculation is shown in the following table:

   T.82 EARNINGS PER SHARE 2025

                                                         Continuing     Discontinued
                                                         operations       operations         Total

   Consolidated net income attributable to the
     shareholders of PUMA SE ( € million)                      -643.6           28.4        -615.2
   Net income attributable to non-controlling
     interests ( € million)                                      -0.7          -29.6         -30.3
   Net income attributable to the shareholders
     ( € million)                                              -644.2           -1.3        -645.5
   Weighted average number of outstanding
     shares (shares)                                     147,405,155     147,405,155   147,405,155
   Earnings per share ( € )                                    -4.37           -0.01         -4.38

   Consolidated net income for calculating the
     diluted earnings per share ( € million)                   -644.2           -1.3        -645.5
   Weighted average number of outstanding
     shares (shares)                                     147,405,155     147,405,155   147,405,155
   Dilutive effect from share-based payments
     (shares)                                                 127,986       127,986       127,986
   Weighted average number of outstanding
     shares, diluted (shares)                            147,533,141     147,533,141   147,533,141
   Earnings per share ( € ) – diluted                          -4.37           -0.01         -4.38

   T.83 EARNINGS PER SHARE 2024

                                                         Continuing     Discontinued
                                                         operations       operations         Total

   Consolidated net income attributable to the
     shareholders of PUMA SE ( € million)                       280.7           61.7         342.3
   Net income attributable to non-controlling
     interests ( € million)                                       0.4          -61.0         -60.7
   Net income attributable to the shareholders
     ( € million)                                               281.0            0.6         281.6
   Weighted average number of outstanding
     shares (shares)                                     149,320,990     149,320,990   149,320,990
   Earnings per share ( € )                                     1.88            0.01          1.89

   Consolidated net income for calculating the
     diluted earnings per share ( € million)                    281.0            0.6         281.6
   Weighted average number of outstanding
     shares (shares)                                     149,320,990     149,320,990   149,320,990
   Dilutive effect from share-based payments
     (shares)                                                  54,858         54,858       54,858
   Weighted average number of outstanding
     shares, diluted (shares)                            149,375,848     149,375,848   149,375,848
   Earnings per share ( € ) – diluted                           1.88            0.01          1.89




                                                  – II-81 –
APPENDIX II                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

OTHER DISCLOSURES

24.   DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

      As of 31 October 2025, PUMA sold its majority shares in PUMA United North America LLC, USA, and PUMA
United Canada ULC, Canada, to its previous partner. In the course of this, the appointed PUMA executive bodies and
managers resigned their mandates.

       PUMA United was a partnership between PUMA and United Legwear that focused primarily on the sale of socks
and underwear in the US and Canadian market. As part of the ongoing restructuring measures and efforts to optimise
the distribution network, PUMA has decided to switch from the partnership model to a license model with the existing
partner in 2025.

       PUMA United was fully integrated into the “North America” operating segment until disposal. PUMA United is
classified as a discontinued operation effective Q4 2025. The previous year’s figures in the Consolidated Income
Statement were adjusted accordingly to present the discontinued operation separately from continuing operations.

      Since the Group continues to receive license income from the discontinued operation and purchases goods there
to a minor extent after the disposal, the purchases and license income carried out prior to the disposal are included in
continuing operations.

      T.84 PROFIT FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS, NET OF TAX (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                             2025                  2024

        Sales                                                                               278.3                 427.9
        Elimination of inter-segment sales                                                  -10.0                  -8.7


      External Sales                                                                        268.3                 419.2


        Expenses                                                                           -247.2                -365.3
        Elimination of expenses related to inter-segment sales                               49.7                  73.1


      External Expenses                                                                    -197.5                -292.1


      Result from continuing operations                                                      31.1                  62.6
      Income tax                                                                             -1.2                  -0.9
      Result from continuing operations after tax                                            29.9                  61.7
      Loss on sale of discontinued operation                                                 -1.6                   0.0
      Income tax on the loss from the disposal of discontinued operations                     0.0                   0.0
      Profit from discontinued operations, net of tax                                        28.4                  61.7

       The loss from the sale of the discontinued operation in the amount of €1.6 million and the related tax effect is
fully attributable to the shareholders of PUMA SE.

      T.85 CASH FLOW FROM DISCONTINUING OPERATIONS (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                             2025                  2024

      Cash flows from operating activities                                                  -11.9                  80.3
      Cash flows from investing activities                                                    0.0                   0.0
      Cash flows from financing activities                                                   11.9                 -80.3




                                                      – II-82 –
APPENDIX II                            FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      The following assets and liabilities were derecognized by the group in connection with the disposal:

      T.86 ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                                                     2025

      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                       0.0
      Inventories                                                                                                    81.1
      Trade receivables                                                                                               2.4
      Other current financial assets                                                                                 75.7
      Other current assets                                                                                            7.4
      Intangible assets                                                                                               1.9
      Other current financial liabilities                                                                            55.0
      Trade payables                                                                                                 72.5
      Other current liabilities                                                                                      15.3
      Non-controlling interests                                                                                      13.1

25.   SEGMENT REPORTING

       Segment reporting is based on geographical areas of responsibility in accordance with the PUMA internal
reporting structure, with the exception of stichd. The geographical area of responsibility corresponds to the business
segment. Sales, the operating result (EBIT), earnings before taxes (EBT) and other segment information are allocated to
the corresponding geographical areas of responsibility according to the registered office of the respective Group
company.

      The internal management reporting includes the following reporting segments: Europe, MEA&I (Middle East,
Africa, India), North America, Latin America, Greater China, Japan, Korea, Southeast Asia and Oceania, and stichd.
The operating segments Greater China, Japan, Korea, Southeast Asia and Oceania, and stichd do not meet the
quantitative thresholds for reportable segments; however, the Management Board continues to consider these operating
segments as important, so that these will continue to be shown separately for external segment reporting. The segment
Japan, Korea, as well as Southeast Asia and Oceania are combined and reported under “Rest of Asia-Pacific”.

       The PUMA United business unit, which was sold as of 31 October 2025 and classified as discontinued
operations, is no longer included in the North America operating segment. Comparative segment information has been
restated retroactively with the exception of the prior-year balance sheet items.

       The reconciliation includes information on assets, liabilities, expenses and income in connection with centralised
functions that do not meet the definition of business segments in IFRS 8. Central expenses and income include in
particular central sourcing, central treasury, central marketing, impairment losses on non-current assets and other global
functions of the Company headquarters.

      The Company’s main decision-maker is defined as the entire Management Board of PUMA SE.

      The external sales presented in the segment reporting are generated in each segment by the sale of footwear,
apparel and accessories. They include both wholesale revenues and revenues from own retail activities. The percentage
breakdown of sales revenues by wholesale business and own retail activities per segment essentially corresponds to the
group-wide breakdown (see Chapter 19). The Greater China segment is an exception, with wholesale revenue
accounting for around 30% of its sales (previous year: around 50%).

      Business relations between the companies of the segments are based on prices that would also be agreed with
third parties. With the exception of stichd’s sales of goods in the amount of €43.6 million (previous year: €57.8
million), there are no significant internal revenues, which is why they are not included in the presentation.

       The most important earnings indicator for the management and allocation of resources by the Management Board
is the operating result (EBIT) of the business segments, which is defined as gross profit less attributable other
operating expenses plus licence and commission income and other operating income, but excluding central costs and
central marketing expenses.




                                                       – II-83 –
APPENDIX II                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

       The external sales, operating result (EBIT), inventories and trade receivables of the business segments are
regularly reported to the main decision-maker. Amounts recognised by the Group from the intra-group profit
elimination on inventories in connection with intra-group sales are not allocated to the business segments in the way
that they are reported to the main decision-maker. Investments, depreciation and non-current assets at the level of the
business segments are not reported to the main decision-maker. The allocation of intangible assets to the business
segments is presented in Chapter 11. Liabilities, the financial result and income taxes are not allocated to the business
segments and are therefore not reported to the main decision-maker at the level of the business segments.

      Non-current assets and depreciation and amortisation include the carrying amounts and the depreciation and
amortisation of the past financial year of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets.
Capital expenditure contains additions to property, plant and equipment and intangible assets.

       Since PUMA is only active in the sporting goods industry business field, a further breakdown is made according
to the footwear, apparel and accessories product divisions in accordance with the internal reporting structure.

      BUSINESS SEGMENTS

      T.87 BUSINESS SEGMENTS (IN € MILLION)

                                     Net sales (third parties)         Gross Profit                Adjusted EBIT
                                      1–12/2025      1–12/2024     1–12/2025   1–12/2024        1–12/2025    1–12/2024

      Europe 1                           2,204.0        2,426.4       1,020.2       1,159.6          253.2         384.7
      MEA&I 1                              874.1        1,011.5         390.4         482.2          119.9         199.7
      North America 2                    1,315.2        1,705.8         479.1         730.5           41.3         250.7
      Latin America                      1,173.4        1,342.4         519.4         625.4          125.8         254.0


      Reportable segments                5,566.7        6,486.0       2,409.2       2,997.7          540.2       1,089.0
      Greater China                        488.4          604.0         246.3         328.0           26.9          98.0
      Rest of Asia-Pacific 1               750.8          789.9         348.8         380.1           62.0         105.3
      stichd                               467.0          497.1         227.8         266.5           27.0          66.8


      Total business segments            7,272.9        8,377.1       3,232.1       3,972.2          656.1       1,359.1


      1
            Due to a change in the structure of the internal organisation, Oceania and Southeast Asia were assigned to
            the Rest of Asia/Pacific region, and Eastern Europe was assigned to the Europe region.

      2
            The PUMA United business unit, which was sold on 31 October 2025 and classified as a discontinued
            operation, is no longer included in the North America operating segment.




                                                      – II-84 –
APPENDIX II                         FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

                                                                                                    Trade receivables
                                     Capital expenditure              Inventories                    (third parties)
                                    1–12/2025    1–12/2024       1–12/2025    1–12/2024           1–12/2025    1–12/2024

   Europe 1                               62.5          45.6         677.4            595.5           218.6        271.0
   MEA&I 1                                 6.5          19.1         239.4            317.7           149.3        235.9
   North America                          11.9          49.4         431.9            468.0           132.5        214.1
   Latin America                          47.4          51.8         412.5            314.7           239.2        227.0


   Reportable segments                   128.3         165.9       1,761.2           1,695.9          739.6        948.0
   Greater China                          10.4          13.8         141.0             150.4           37.7         71.6
   Rest of Asia-Pacific 1                 11.5          14.8         172.7             148.4           72.9        127.1
   stichd                                 12.0          24.3         122.4             134.0           52.8         93.8


   Total business segments               162.2         218.7       2,197.2           2,128.7          903.0      1,240.6


   1
           Due to a change in the structure of the internal organisation, Oceania and Southeast Asia were assigned to
           the Rest of Asia/Pacific region, and Eastern Europe was assigned to the Europe region.

                                                 Depreciation and amortisation                  Non-current assets
                                                    1–12/2025        1–12/2024                 1–12/2025       1–12/2024

   Europe 1                                               84.1                74.5                 641.6           542.9
   MEA&I 1                                                37.5                36.8                 123.4           144.8
   North America                                          87.6                87.2                 642.1           815.5
   Latin America                                          53.7                50.7                 280.9           256.0


   Reportable segments                                   263.0               249.2               1,688.1         1,759.1
   Greater China                                          28.2                30.5                  65.6            87.9
   Rest of Asia-Pacific 1                                 43.6                43.2                 105.4           156.6
   stichd                                                 17.4                15.3                 247.4           238.3


   Total business segments                               352.2               338.2               2,106.5         2,241.9


   1
           Due to a change in the structure of the internal organisation, Oceania and Southeast Asia were assigned to
           the Rest of Asia/Pacific region, and Eastern Europe was assigned to the Europe region.

   T.88 PRODUCT NET SALES (THIRD PARTIES) (IN € MILLION) GROSS PROFIT MARGIN (IN %)

                                                    Net sales (third parties)                   Gross profit margin
                                                     1–12/2025         1–12/2024               1–12/2025       1–12/2024

   Footwear                                            4,113.8           4,733.6                  44.3%           46.9%
   Apparel                                             2,328.5           2,703.7                  46.0%           48.6%
   Accessories                                           853.9             960.7                  45.5%           48.0%


   Total                                               7,296.2           8,398.0                  45.0%           47.6%




                                                    – II-85 –
APPENDIX II                     FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

   RECONCILIATIONS

   T.89 RECONCILIATIONS (IN € MILLION)

                                                 Net sales (third parties)                      Gross Profit
                                                  1–12/2025         1–12/2024               1–12/2025        1–12/2024

   Total business segments                          7,272.9           8,377.1                 3,232.1          3,972.2
   Central areas                                       23.3              20.9                    47.6             25.6


   Total                                            7,296.2           8,398.0                 3,279.6          3,997.8


                                                                                        Adjusted EBIT
                                                                                     1–12/2025               1–12/2024

   Total business segments                                                                   656.1             1,359.1
   Central areas                                                                            -305.7              -323.8
   Central expenses marketing                                                               -516.0              -486.6
   Consolidation                                                                               0.0                 0.0


   Adjusted EBIT                                                                            -165.6               548.7
   One-time effects                                                                         -191.6                 0.0


   Operating Result (EBIT)                                                                  -357.2               548.7
   Financial result                                                                         -165.7              -149.0


   Loss/Earnings before taxes (EBT)                                                         -522.9               399.7

                                              Depreciation and amortisation                  Non-current assets
                                                 1–12/2025        1–12/2024                 1–12/2025       1–12/2024

   Total business segments                            352.2               338.2               2,106.5          2,241.9
   Central areas                                       39.0                32.0                 256.8            226.3
   Consolidation                                        0.0                 0.0                   0.0              0.0


   Total                                              391.2               370.2               2,363.3          2,468.3


                                                                                                 Trade receivables
                                 Capital expenditure               Inventories                    (third parties)
                                1–12/2025    1–12/2024        1–12/2025    1–12/2024           1–12/2025    1–12/2024

   Total business segments            162.2         218.7       2,197.2           2,128.7            903.0     1,240.6
   Central areas                       43.5          41.4           0.0               3.7             10.4         6.0
   Consolidation                        0.0           0.0        -137.2            -118.6              0.0         0.0


   Total                              205.7         260.2       2,060.0           2,013.7            913.4     1,246.5




                                                 – II-86 –
APPENDIX II                             FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      GEOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION

            Sales revenue (with third parties) from continuing operations is reported in the geographical market in
      which it arises. Non-current assets are allocated to the geographical market based on the registered office of the
      relevant subsidiary, regardless of the segment structure.

               T.90 GEOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION BY COUNTRY (IN € MILLION)

                                                                Net sales (third parties)                             Non-current assets
                                                                 1–12/2025         1–12/2024                         1–12/2025       1–12/2024

               Germany, Europe                                       549.9                          682.7                557.6                 536.9
               USA, North America                                  1,192.9                        1,563.6                532.7                 653.8
               Other countries                                     5,553.3                        6,151.7              1,273.1               1,277.6


               Total                                               7,296.2                        8,398.0              2,363.3               2,468.3


26.   NOTES TO THE CASH FLOW STATEMENT

       The Cash Flow statement was prepared in accordance with IAS 7 and is structured based on Cash Flows from
operating, investing and financing activities. The indirect method is used to determine the cash outflow/inflow from
operating activities. The Gross Cash Flow, derived from earnings before income tax and adjusted for non-cash income
and expense items, is determined within Cash Flow from operating activities. Cash outflow/inflow from operating
activities less investments in property, plant and equipment as well as intangible assets is referred to as Free Cash
Flow.

      The liquid fund considered in the statement of Cash Flows comprises all cash and cash equivalents shown in the
statement of financial position under the item “Cash and cash equivalents”, i.e. cash on hand, checks and current
balances with credit institutions including current financial investments.

      The following table shows the cash and non-cash changes in financial liabilities in accordance with IAS 7.44A:

      T.91 RECONCILIATION OF FINANCIAL LIABILITIES TO THE CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING
           ACTIVITIES 2025 (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                Non-cash changes
                                                                                                              Re-
                                                                    Effect of                      classification
                                                  Changes in          foreign         IFRS 16              within
                                       Balance the scope of         exchange             Lease          financial                               Balance
                               Notes   1/1/2025 consolidation           rates       obligations        liabilities     Other Cash changes    31/12/2025

      Lease liabilities         10      1,230.6           0.0           -83.8            329.9               0.0         0.0        -247.8      1,228.9
      Current borrowings        13        131.6         -55.0           -11.1              0.0             206.5         2.7         654.6        929.3
      Non-current borrowings    13        356.4           0.0             0.0              0.0            -206.5        -0.7         275.0        424.2


      Total                             1,718.6         -55.0           -94.9            329.9                0.0        2.0        681.8       2,582.4




                                                                – II-87 –
APPENDIX II                             FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      T.92 RECONCILIATION OF FINANCIAL LIABILITIES TO THE CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING
           ACTIVITIES 2024 (IN € MILLION)

                                                                               Non-cash changes
                                                                                                             Re-
                                                                   Effect of                      classification
                                                  Changes in         foreign         IFRS 16              within
                                       Balance the scope of        exchange             Lease          financial                                Balance
                               Notes   1/1/2024 consolidation          rates       obligations        liabilities      Other Cash changes    31/12/2024

      Lease liabilities         10      1,232.4           0.0          19.2             201.4                0.0           0        -222.5      1,230.6
      Current borrowings        13        145.9           0.0           1.0               0.0               70.0         0.6         -86.0        131.6
      Non-current borrowings    13        426.1           0.0           0.0               0.0              -70.0         0.3           0.0        356.4


      Total                             1,804.4           0.0          20.3             201.4                0.0         0.9        -308.5      1,718.6


        Lease liabilities of €1,228.9 million (previous year: €1,230.6 million) are broken down into current lease
liabilities of €217.6 million (previous year: €220.6 million) and non-current lease liabilities of €1,011.2 million
(previous year: €1,010.0 million).

27.   OTHER FINANCIAL COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

      OTHER FINANCIAL OBLIGATIONS

            The Company has other financial obligations associated with license, promotional and advertising
      agreements, which give rise to the following financial obligations as of the balance sheet date:

               T.93 COMMITMENTS FROM LICENSE, PROMOTIONAL AND ADVERTISING AGREEMENTS
                    (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                                                      2025                      2024

               From license, promotional and advertising agreements:
                 Due within one year                                                                                  479.7                    491.5
                 Due between one and five years                                                                     1,371.6                  1,346.9
                 Due after more than five years                                                                       880.2                    929.9


               Total                                                                                                2,731.6                  2,768.3


             As is customary in the industry, the promotional and advertising agreements provide for additional
      payments on reaching pre-defined goals (e.g. medals, championships). These are contractually agreed, but by
      their nature cannot be predicted exactly in terms of their timing and amount.

            In addition, there are further other financial obligations amounting to €317.1 million (previous year:
      €278.8 million), of which €213.1 million (previous year: €153.3 million) are non-current. In addition to service
      contracts amounting to €317.0 million (previous year: €276.7 million), these also include other commitments
      amounting to €0.1 million (previous year: €2.2 million).

      CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

             Individual PUMA companies are involved in legal disputes arising from normal operating activities, e.g.
      relating to intellectual property rights and employee matters. If an outflow of resources from these legal disputes
      is classified as probable and the amount of the obligation can be reliably estimated, the risks arising from these
      legal disputes are included in the other provisions. However, if the probability of occurrence is classified as low,




                                                                – II-88 –
APPENDIX II                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      these legal disputes are recognised as contingent liabilities, which are estimated at €0.6 million in this financial
      year (previous year: €0.3 million).

            Contingent liabilities also exist due to uncertainties in the appraisal of the facts by the tax and customs
      authorities in India and the tax authorities in the Netherlands as well as the tax authorities in Ukraine. Based on
      external reports, management assumes in these cases that the receivables of the tax and customs authorities will
      not result in any cash outflow.

            Overall, the PUMA management considers that the impact of the total of the contingent liabilities on the
      net assets, financial position and results of operations of the Company is immaterial.

28.   COMPENSATION OF THE MANAGEMENT BOARD AND SUPERVISORY BOARD

      Disclosures pursuant to § 314(1) 6 HGB (German Commercial Code [Handelsgesetzbuch]) in conjunction with
§ 315e HGB.

      COMPENSATION OF THE MEMBERS OF THE MANAGEMENT BOARD

            The total compensation of the members of the Management Board in financial year 2025 was €8.6 million
      (previous year: €10.2 million).

            The total remuneration of the Management Board includes the share-based remuneration granted for the
      financial year with a fair value of €3.9 million (previous year: €4.5 million) and 102,362 (previous year:
      81,382) issued performance shares or treasury shares.

      TOTAL COMPENSATION OF FORMER MANAGEMENT BOARD MEMBERS

           The total compensation of former members of the Management Board and their surviving dependants
      amounted to €8.2 million in financial year 2025 (previous year: €5.6 million).

            There were performance-based pension obligations to former members of the Management Board and their
      widows/widowers amounting to €2.5 million (previous year: €2.5 million) as well as contribution-based pension
      commitments in connection with the deferred compensation of former members of the Management Board and
      Managing Directors amounting to €51.3 million (previous year: €47.3 million). Both items are recognised
      accordingly within pension provisions, unless offset against assets of the same amount.

      COMPENSATION OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD

           The compensation paid to the Supervisory Board comprised fixed compensation and additional
      compensation for committee activities, and amounted to a total of €0.6 million (previous year: €0.5 million).

29.   DISCLOSURES RELATING TO NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS

       The summarised financial information about subsidiaries of the Group in which non-controlling interests exist is
presented below. This financial information relates to all companies with non-controlling interests in which the
identical non-controlling shareholder holds an interest. The figures represent the amounts before intercompany
eliminations.

      Evaluation of the control of companies with non-controlling interests:

       The Group held a 51% capital share in PUMA United North America LLC, PUMA United Canada ULC and
Janed Canada LLC (inactive company). With these companies, there were profit-sharing arrangements in place which
differed from the capital share for the benefit of the respective identical non-controlling shareholder. PUMA received
higher license fees in exchange. The stated companies were sold at the end of October 2025 and the PUMA United
partnership model was transferred to a pure licensing model.

      Supplementary disclosures on changes in investments can be found in Chapter 24.




                                                       – II-89 –
APPENDIX II                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      In addition, there was a shareholding in the capital and the result, amounting to 70%, in the company PUMA
United Aviation North America LLC.

       The contractual agreements with these companies respectively provided PUMA with a majority of the voting
rights at the shareholder meetings, and thus the right of disposal regarding these companies. PUMA was exposed to
fluctuating returns from the sales-based license fees and from variable earnings. The Group also controlled the key
activities of these companies. The companies were accordingly included in the consolidated financial statements as
subsidiaries with full consolidation with recognition of non-controlling interests.

     As of the balance sheet date, there are no longer any non-controlling interests due to deconsolidation.
Consequently, the carrying amount of these interests decreased to €0.0 million (previous year: €0.9 million).

      The following tables show a summary of the financial information for subsidiaries with non-controlling interests:

      T.94 ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                             2025                   2024

      Current assets                                                                           0.0                 235.5
      Non-current assets                                                                       0.0                   7.9
      Current liabilities                                                                      0.0                 235.5
      Non-current liabilities                                                                  0.0                   0.0
      Net assets                                                                               0.0                   7.9
      Net assets attributable to non-controlling interests                                     0.0                   0.9

      T.95 TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                             2025                   2024

      Sales                                                                                  278.3                 427.9
      Net income                                                                              29.9                  61.7
      Profit attributable to non-controlling interests                                        30.3                  60.7
      Other comprehensive income of non-controlling interests                                 -0.6                   0.6
      Total comprehensive income of non-controlling interests                                 29.7                  61.3
      Dividend distribution to non-controlling interests                                      15.8                  89.4

      T.96 STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                             2025                   2024

      Cash flows from operating activities                                                   -11.9                  80.3
      Cash flows from investing activities                                                     5.7                   0.0
      Cash flows from financing activities                                                     6.2                 -80.3
      Changes in cash and cash equivalents                                                     0.0                   0.0

30.   RELATIONSHIPS WITH RELATED COMPANIES AND PERSONS

      In accordance with IAS 24, relationships with related companies and persons that control or are controlled by the
PUMA Group must be reported. All natural persons and companies that can be controlled by PUMA, that can exercise
relevant control over the PUMA Group or that are under the relevant control of another related party of the PUMA
Group are considered to be related companies or persons within the meaning of IAS 24.

      As of 31 December 2025, there was an investment in PUMA SE that exceeded 20% of the voting rights. It was
held by the Pinault family via several entities controlled by it (in order of proximity to the Pinault family: Financière
Pinault S.C.A. and Artémis S.A.S.). As of 31 December 2025, Artémis S.A.S. holds 29.1% of the subscribed capital of
PUMA SE (previous year: 28.7%; the increase in the investment results from the capital reduction in the reporting year
as a consequence of the share repurchase programme). Since Artémis S.A.S. holds more than 20% of the voting rights




                                                       – II-90 –
APPENDIX II                            FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

in PUMA SE, there is a presumption of significant influence according to IAS 28.5 and IAS 28.6. It and all other
entities directly or indirectly controlled by Financière Pinault S.C.A. that are not included in the consolidated financial
statements of PUMA SE are considered as related parties in the following.

      In addition, the disclosure obligation pursuant to IAS 24 extends to transactions with associated companies as
well as transactions with other related companies and persons.

     Transactions with related companies and persons largely concern sales of goods and licensing agreements under
normal market conditions.

      The following overview illustrates the scope of the business relationships:

      T.97 DELIVERIES AND SERVICES RENDERED AND RECEIVED (IN € MILLION)

                                                            Deliveries and                       Deliveries and
                                                          services rendered                     services received
                                                             2025               2024               2025               2024

      Companies included in the Artémis
        Group                                                  0.5                0.8                0.0               0.0
      Other related companies and persons                      0.0                0.0                0.0               0.0


      Total                                                    0.5                0.8                0.0               0.0


      T.98 NET RECEIVABLES AND LIABILITIES (IN € MILLION)

                                                         Net receivables from                     Liabilities to
                                                             2025             2024                2025                2024

      Companies included in the Artémis
        Group                                                  0.1                0.2                0.0               0.0
      Other related companies and persons                      0.0                0.0                0.0               0.0


      Total                                                    0.1                0.2                0.0               0.0


      Receivables from related companies and persons are not subject to value adjustments.

      CLASSIFICATION OF THE REMUNERATION                             OF   KEY    MANAGEMENT           PERSONNEL         IN
      ACCORDANCE WITH IAS 24.17:

            The members of key management personnel in accordance with IAS 24 are the Management Board and the
      Supervisory Board. These are counted as related parties.

             In financial year 2025, the remuneration of the members of the Management Board of PUMA SE for
      short-term benefits amounted to €4.7 million (previous year: €5.7 million), for termination benefits to €7.5
      million (previous year: €4.1 million) and the share-based payment €1.0 million (previous year: €2.4 million).
      Furthermore, as in the previous year, no remuneration was granted in the form of other long-term benefits or
      post-employment benefits in the financial year. Accordingly, total expenses for the financial year amounted to
      €13.2 million (previous year: €12.2 million).

             In financial year 2025, the remuneration of the members of the Supervisory Board of PUMA SE for
      short-term benefits amounted to €0.6 million (previous year: €0.5 million).




                                                       – II-91 –
APPENDIX II                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

31.   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

       The Management Board and the Supervisory Board submitted the required compliance declaration with respect to
the recommendations issued by the Government Commission German Corporate Governance Code pursuant to
§ 161 of the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG) and published it on the Company’s website
(https://about.puma.com/en/investor-relations/corporate-governance).

32.   EVENTS AFTER THE BALANCE SHEET DATE

       On 26 January 2026, PUMA completed a promissory note loan transaction of €100.0 million, which was
disbursed on 29 January 2026. The promissory note loan has a term of two years with a standard market fixed interest
rate. The promissory note loan documentation is closely based on the existing PUMA standard for promissory note
loans. In order to enable the payment of the bridge facility agreed on 15 December 2025, by the end of February 2026,
PUMA agreed to an adjustment from €500.0 million to €350.0 million on 20 February 2026. The amount was reduced
due to the promissory note loan disbursed at the end of January 2026. The documentation had already been agreed as
part of the original bridge facility. The bridge financing of €350.0 million and the promissory note loan of €100.0
million will continue to be used to reduce the drawdowns from the existing syndicated loan.

        In January 2026, water damage occurred in the leased PUMA Flagship Store on 5th Avenue in New York, which
led to damage to the building and fixtures. The store had to be closed for these reasons and is expected to remain
closed for an extended period in 2026. A final evaluation of the damage and the amount of the insurance compensation
is still pending. Accordingly, no conclusive estimate of the financial effect can be made at this time.

      On 27 January 2026, it was announced that the Chinese sporting goods group Anta Sports and Artémis S.A.S.
have entered into a contract regarding the transfer of shares in PUMA amounting to 29.1%. The transaction is subject
to conditions precedent.

       No further events took place after the balance sheet date that had a material impact on the net assets, financial
position and results of operations of the PUMA Group.

33.   DATE OF RELEASE

       The Management Board of PUMA SE released the consolidated financial statements on 24 February 2026 for
distribution to the Supervisory Board. The task of the Supervisory Board is to review the consolidated financial
statements and state whether it approves them.

      Herzogenaurach, 24 February 2026



      The Management Board




      Hoeld       Valdes       Neubrand        Baeumer        Hubert




                                                      – II-92 –
APPENDIX II                      FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

APPENDIX 1 OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT

COMPOSITION AND MANDATES OF THE MANAGEMENT BOARD AND THE
SUPERVISORY BOARD AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2025

MEMBERS OF THE MANAGEMENT BOARD AND THEIR MANDATES

Arthur Hoeld (since 1 July 2025)
Chief Executive Officer (CEO)

Membership in other statutory supervisory boards in Germany: None.

Membership of comparable domestic and foreign supervisory bodies of commercial enterprises
(disclosure pursuant to § 285 No. 10 HGB (Handelsgesetzbuch [German Commercial Code]):

    •    ALDI Nord Holding Stiftung & Co. KG, Essen/Germany*

*   Mandate at non-group listed company or comparable function within the meaning of recommendation C.5 of the
    GCGC.


Arne Freundt (until 11 April 2025)
Chief Executive Officer (CEO)

Markus Neubrand
Chief Financial Officer (CFO)

Maria Valdes
Chief Brand Officer (CBO)

Matthias Baeumer (since 1 April 2025)
Chief Commercial Officer (CCO)

Membership in other statutory supervisory boards in Germany:

    •    Borussia Dortmund GmbH & Co. KGaA, Dortmund/Germany*

Membership of comparable domestic and foreign supervisory bodies of commercial enterprises
(disclosure pursuant to § 285 No. 10 HGB (Handelsgesetzbuch [German Commercial Code]):
None.

*   Mandate at non-group listed company or comparable function within the meaning of recommendation C.5 of the
    GCGC.




                                                – II-93 –
APPENDIX II                       FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

Andreas Hubert (since 1 September 2025)
Chief Operating Officer (COO)

Membership in other statutory supervisory boards in Germany: None.

Membership of comparable domestic and foreign supervisory bodies of commercial enterprises
(disclosure pursuant to § 285 No. 10 HGB (Handelsgesetzbuch [German Commercial Code]):

     •    Member of the Advisory Board of Peek & Cloppenburg KG, Hamburg/Germany*

*    Mandate at non-group listed company or comparable function within the meaning of recommendation C.5 of the
     GCGC.


MEMBERS OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD AND THEIR MANDATES

Héloïse Temple-Boyer (first elected on 18 April 2019)
(Chairperson)
Paris, France

Deputy CEO of ARTÉMIS S.A.S., Paris/France

Membership in other statutory supervisory boards in Germany: None

Membership of comparable domestic and foreign supervisory bodies of commercial enterprises
(disclosure pursuant to § 285 No. 10 HGB (Handelsgesetzbuch [German Commercial Code])*:

     •    Kering S.A., Paris/France**

     •    Christie’s International Plc., London/United Kingdom**

     •    CAA LL.C., Los Angeles/USA**

     •    Giambattista Valli S.A.S., Paris/France

     •    Société d’exploitation de l’hebdomadaire le Point S.A., Paris/France

     •    Pinault Collection, Paris/France

     •    Royalement Vôtre Editions S.A.S., Paris/France

*    All mandates are mandates within the ARTÉMIS/KERING-Group. Only Kering S.A. is a listed company.

**   Mandate at non-group listed company or comparable function within the meaning of recommendation C.4 of the
     GCGC.




                                                 – II-94 –
APPENDIX II                      FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

Jean-Marc Duplaix (first elected on 24 May 2023)
(Deputy Chairman)
Paris, France

Group Chief Operating Officer of Kering S.A., Paris/France

Membership in other statutory supervisory boards in Germany: None

Membership of comparable domestic and foreign supervisory bodies of commercial enterprises
(disclosure pursuant to § 285 No. 10 HGB (Handelsgesetzbuch [German Commercial Code])*:

    •    Balenciaga S.A.S., Paris/France

    •    Yves Saint Laurent S.A.S., Paris/France

    •    Balenciaga Retail France S.A.S., Paris/France

*   The mandates are mandates within the Kering-Group. Kering S.A. is a listed company. Balenciaga S.A.S., Yves
    Saint Laurent S.A.S., and Balenciaga Retail France S.A.S. are not listed.


Harsh Saini (first elected on 22 May 2024)
London, United Kingdom

Interim Chair of the Management Board (CEO) of Cascale, Inc.

Independent management consultant for non-profit organisations

Membership in other statutory supervisory boards in Germany: None.

Membership in comparable domestic and foreign supervisory bodies of commercial enterprises:
None.

Roland Krueger (first elected on May 22, 2024)
Singapore

Member of the Board of Directors of Weybourne Holdings Pte. Ltd. (note: The Dyson Family
Office), Singapore

Membership in other statutory supervisory boards in Germany: None.




                                                 – II-95 –
APPENDIX II                       FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

Membership of comparable domestic and foreign supervisory bodies of commercial enterprises
(disclosure pursuant to § 285 No. 10 HGB (Handelsgesetzbuch [German Commercial Code]):

     •    Weybourne Holdings Pte. Ltd.

     •    ELEMENT MATERIALS TECHNOLOGIES GROUP LIMITED*

*    Mandate at non-group listed company or comparable function within the meaning of recommendation C.4 of the
     GCGC.


Fiona May (first elected on 18 April 2019)
Calenzano, Italy

Independent management consultant

Membership in other statutory supervisory boards in Germany: None.

Membership in comparable domestic and foreign supervisory bodies of commercial enterprises:
None.

Martin Koeppel (first elected on 25 July 2011)
(Employees’ Representative)
Adelsdorf, Germany

Chair of the Works Council of PUMA SE

Membership in other statutory supervisory boards in Germany: None

Membership in comparable domestic and foreign supervisory bodies of commercial enterprises:
None.

Bernd Illig (first elected on July 9, 2018)
(Employees’ Representative)
Bechhofen, Germany

Teamhead IT Endpoint Management of PUMA SE

Membership in other statutory supervisory boards in Germany: None

Membership in comparable domestic and foreign supervisory bodies of commercial enterprises:
None.




                                                 – II-96 –
APPENDIX II                 FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

SUPERVISORY BOARD COMMITTEES

Personnel Committee

•   Héloïse Temple-Boyer (Chairperson)

•   Roland Krueger

•   Fiona May

•   Martin Koeppel

Audit Committee

•   Jean-Marc Duplaix (Chairperson)

•   Roland Krueger

•   Harsh Saini

•   Fiona May

•   Bernd Illig

Nominating Committee

•   Roland Krueger (Chairperson)

•   Héloïse Temple-Boyer

•   Harsh Saini

Sustainability Committee

•   Harsh Saini (Chairperson)

•   Fiona May

•   Martin Koeppel

•   Bernd Illig




                                         – II-97 –
APPENDIX II                     FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

DECLARATION BY THE LEGAL REPRESENTATIVES

     To the best of our knowledge, and in accordance with the applicable reporting principles,
the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial
position and profit or loss of the Group, and the group management report, which is combined
with the management report of PUMA SE for the financial year 2025, includes a fair review of
the development and performance of the business and the position of the Group, together with a
description of the material opportunities and risks associated with the expected development of
the Group.

Herzogenaurach, 24 February 2026

The Management Board


Hoeld      Neubrand       Valdes      Baeumer        Hubert




                                             – II-98 –
APPENDIX II                    FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

To PUMA SE, Herzogenaurach

REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
OF THE COMBINED MANAGEMENT REPORT

OPINIONS

      We have audited the consolidated financial statements of PUMA SE, Herzogenaurach, and
its subsidiaries (the Group), which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as
of December 31, 2025, and the consolidated income statement, consolidated statement of
comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement
of cash flows for the financial year from January 1 to December 31, 2025, and notes to the
consolidated financial statements, including significant information on the accounting policies.
In addition, we have audited the management report of the Company and the Group (combined
management report) of PUMA SE for the financial year from January 1 to December 31, 2025.

     In accordance with German legal requirements, we have not audited the content of those
components of the combined management report specified in the “Other Information” section of
our auditor’s report.

     In our opinion, on the basis of the knowledge obtained in the audit,

     •    the accompanying consolidated financial statements comply, in all material respects,
          with the IFRS Accounting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards
          Board (IASB) (hereinafter referred to as “IFRS Accounting Standards”) as adopted by
          the EU, and the additional requirements of German commercial law pursuant to
          Section 315e (1) HGB [Handelsgesetzbuch: German Commercial Code] and, in
          compliance with these requirements, give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities,
          and financial position of the Group as of December 31, 2025, and of its financial
          performance for the financial year from January 1 to December 31, 2025, and

     •    the accompanying combined management report as a whole provides an appropriate
          view of the Group’s position. In all material respects, this combined management
          report is consistent with the consolidated financial statements, complies with German
          legal requirements and appropriately presents the opportunities and risks of future
          development. Our opinion on the combined management report does not cover the
          content of those components of the combined management report specified in the
          “Other Information” section of the auditor’s report.

     Pursuant to Section 322 (3) sentence 1 HGB, we declare that our audit has not led to any
reservations relating to the legal compliance of the consolidated financial statements and of the
combined management report.




                                            – II-99 –
APPENDIX II                    FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

BASIS FOR THE OPINIONS

      We conducted our audit of the consolidated financial statements and of the combined
management report in accordance with Section 317 HGB and the EU Audit Regulation No
537/2014 (referred to subsequently as “EU Audit Regulation”) and in compliance with German
Generally Accepted Standards for Financial Statement Audits promulgated by the Institut der
Wirtschaftsprüfer [Institute of Public Auditors in Germany] (IDW). Our responsibilities under
those requirements and principles are further described in the “Auditor’s Responsibilities for the
Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements and of the Combined Management Report”
section of our auditor’s report. We are independent of the group entities in accordance with the
requirements of European law and German commercial and professional law, and we have
fulfilled our other German professional responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.
In addition, in accordance with Article 10 (2)(f) of the EU Audit Regulation, we declare that we
have not provided non-audit services prohibited under Article 5 (1) of the EU Audit Regulation.
We believe that the evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
for our opinions on the consolidated financial statements and on the combined management
report.

KEY AUDIT MATTERS IN THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most
significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements for the financial year from
January 1 to December 31, 2025. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, we do not
provide a separate opinion on these matters.

REVENUE RECOGNITION CUT-OFF FOR WHOLESALE CUSTOMERS

     Please refer to Sections 2 and 19 in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for
further information on the accounting policies applied.

THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT RISK

     The consolidated financial statements of PUMA SE for financial year 2025 report revenue
of EUR7,296.2 million. Revenue includes revenue of EUR4,935.0 million from the sale of goods
to wholesale customers.

      The Group recognizes revenue from the sale of goods to wholesale customers when it
fulfils a performance obligation through the transfer of a promised asset to a customer. An asset
is transferred when (or as) the customer obtains control of that asset. In accordance with the
transfer of control, revenue from wholesale customers is recognized at a point in time in the
amount to which the Group is entitled.




                                           – II-100 –
APPENDIX II                    FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

     The Management Board of PUMA SE has defined the criteria for the recognition of revenue
at a point in time in a group-wide accounting policy and implemented processes for correct
recognition and cut-off.

     In the final weeks prior to the reporting date, a range of transactions with wholesale
customers take place with individual contractual agreements on the transfer of risk. In addition,
there are internally defined and externally communicated revenue targets for the financial year,
which represent a key benchmark for measuring corporate success.

     There is the risk for the consolidated financial statements that revenue in the reporting year
is overstated due to it being recognized in the wrong period or disclosed too late due to
incomplete processing in the IT system, meaning that it is not recorded on an accrual basis.

OUR AUDIT APPROACH

     In order to audit revenue recognition cut-off for wholesale customers, we assessed the
design, setup and partially also the effectiveness of the internal controls relating to outgoing
goods and the acceptance of goods and invoicing, in particular the determination and verification
of the correct transfer of control. In addition, we reviewed the presentation of revenue
recognition in the group-wide accounting policy to ensure compliance with IFRS 15.

     Furthermore, we assessed revenue recognition cut-off for wholesale customers by
reconciling invoices with the related orders, underlying contracts and external delivery records.
This was based on revenue recognized at the end of December 2025 and selected using a
mathematical/statistical procedure. We also verified the complete processing of all invoices in
the IT system as of the reporting date.

OUR OBSERVATIONS

     PUMA SE’s approach to revenue recognition cut-off with wholesale customers is
appropriate.

WERTHALTIGKEIT DER             NUTZUNGSRECHTE            FÜR    EINZELHANDELSGESCHÄFTE
(RIGHT-OF-USE-ASSETS)

     For information on the accounting policies applied, please refer to Sections 2 and 10 in the
notes to the consolidated financial statements.

THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT RISK

      As of December 31, 2025, right-of-use assets of EUR1,103.8 million are recognized in the
consolidated financial statements of PUMA SE. A significant portion of the right-of-use assets is
attributable to retail stores (EUR478.3 million). Right-of-use assets amount to 17.1% of the
group’s total assets and thus have a material influence on the Group’s net assets.




                                            – II-101 –
APPENDIX II                    FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

     Owing to the large number of leases and the resulting transactions, the Parent Company has
set up group-wide processes and controls for the measurement of leases.

      Right-of-use assets for retail stores are tested for impairment at the level of the individual
retail stores as cash-generating units. The impairment test compares the carrying amount of the
cash-generating unit with its recoverable amount. The Parent Company determines the
recoverable amount for the retail stores indicating potential impairment by routinely using the
discounted cash flow method. If the carrying amount exceeds the recoverable amount, an
impairment loss is recognized for the right-of-use asset of the cash-generating unit. The
recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs to sell and its value in use.

     Impairment testing of right-of-use assets for retail stores based on the value in use is
complex and based on a range of assumptions that require judgment. Among others, these
include the business and earnings performance of the retail store for the next year, the assumed
growth rates, the applied discount rate and the use of extension options. The Group recognized
impairment losses in the amount of EUR19.6 million for right-of-use assets for retail stores
during the financial year.

      In particular, due to the judgments for measuring right-of-use assets for retail stores based
on the value in use, there is the risk for the consolidated financial statements that an impairment
of right-of-use assets may not be identified.

OUR AUDIT APPROACH

     Using the information obtained during our audit, we assessed whether there were any
indicators of impairment for right-of-use assets for retail stores. In doing so, we thoroughly
examined the Parent Company’s approach to determining the need to recognize impairment
losses and, based on the information obtained in the course of our audit, assessed whether there
were any indications of impairment that had not been identified by the Parent Company.

     With the involvement of our valuation specialists, we then assessed (among other elements)
the appropriateness of the Parent Company’s calculation method for a sample of retail stores
selected based on risk. For this purpose we discussed the expected business and earnings
development for the retail stores selected in this sample and the assumed growth rates with those
responsible for planning. Where accounting judgments were made for determining the lease
term, we examined these judgments to determine whether the underlying assumptions were
comprehensible in light of the prevailing market conditions and risks in the industry.

      We also assessed the accuracy of the Parent Company’s previous forecasts for the affected
right-of-use assets by comparing the budgets from the previous financial year for the selected
retail stores in the sample with the actual results, and we analyzed any deviations. Further, we
compared the assumptions and data underlying the discount rates with our own assumptions and
publicly available data. We also assessed whether the calculation method for the discount rate
was appropriate.




                                            – II-102 –
APPENDIX II                    FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

     We verified the computational accuracy of the carrying amount of the right-of-use assets
determined by PUMA SE for the retail stores included in the sample.

     In order to take forecast uncertainty into account, we examined the impact of potential
changes in the discount rate, earnings performance and long-term growth rates on the value in
use by calculating alternative scenarios for the selected sample and comparing these with the
values stated by the Group (sensitivity analysis).

OUR OBSERVATIONS

     The calculation method used for impairment testing of right-of-use assets for retail stores is
appropriate and in line with the accounting policies to be applied.

     The Parent Company’s assumptions and data used for the measurement of the right-of-use
assets for retail stores are appropriate.

OTHER INFORMATION

     The Management Board and/or the Supervisory Board are/is responsible for the other
information. The other information comprises the following components of the combined
management report, whose content was not audited:

     •    the combined non-financial statement for the Company and the Group, which is
          contained in the combined management report,^

     •    the combined corporate governance statement for the Company and the Group referred
          to in the combined management report, and

     •    information extraneous to combined management reports and marked as unaudited.

     The other information also includes the remaining parts of the annual report. The other
information does not include the consolidated financial statements, the combined management
report information audited for content and our auditor’s report thereon.

     Our opinions on the consolidated financial statements and on the combined management
report do not cover the other information, and consequently we do not express an opinion or any
other form of assurance conclusion thereon.




                                            – II-103 –
APPENDIX II                     FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

     In connection with our audit, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in so
doing, to consider whether the other information

     •    is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements, with the
          combined management report information audited for content or our knowledge
          obtained in the audit, or

     •    otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE MANAGEMENT BOARD AND THE SUPERVISORY
BOARD FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND THE COMBINED
MANAGEMENT REPORT

     The Management Board is responsible for the preparation of consolidated financial
statements that comply, in all material respects, with IFRS Accounting Standards as adopted by
the EU and the additional requirements of German commercial law pursuant to Section 315e (1)
HGB and that the consolidated financial statements, in compliance with these requirements, give
a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position, and financial performance of the
Group. In addition, the Management Board is responsible for such internal control as they have
determined necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud (i.e., fraudulent financial reporting and
misappropriation of assets) or error.

      In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Management Board is responsible
for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. They also have the
responsibility for disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern. In addition, they
are responsible for financial reporting based on the going concern basis of accounting unless
there is an intention to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or there is no realistic
alternative but to do so.

     Furthermore, the Management Board is responsible for the preparation of the combined
management report that, as a whole, provides an appropriate view of the Group’s position and is,
in all material respects, consistent with the consolidated financial statements, complies with
German legal requirements, and appropriately presents the opportunities and risks of future
development. In addition, the Management Board is responsible for such arrangements and
measures (systems) as they have considered necessary to enable the preparation of a combined
management report that is in accordance with the applicable German legal requirements, and to
be able to provide sufficient appropriate evidence for the assertions in the combined
management report.

     The Supervisory Board is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting
process for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements and of the combined
management report.




                                             – II-104 –
APPENDIX II                    FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND OF THE COMBINED MANAGEMENT REPORT

     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and
whether the combined management report as a whole provides an appropriate view of the
Group’s position and, in all material respects, is consistent with the consolidated financial
statements and the knowledge obtained in the audit, complies with the German legal
requirements and appropriately presents the opportunities and risks of future development, as
well as to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinions on the consolidated financial
statements and on the combined management report.

      Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit
conducted in accordance with Section 317 HGB and the EU Audit Regulation and in compliance
with German Generally Accepted Standards for Financial Statement Audits promulgated by the
Institut der Wirtschaftsprüfer (IDW) will always detect a material misstatement. Misstatements
can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate,
they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the
basis of these consolidated financial statements and this combined management report.

     We exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the
audit.

     We also:

     •    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial
          statements and of the combined management report, whether due to fraud or error,
          design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
          evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinions. The risk
          of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than the risk of
          not detecting a material misstatement resulting from error, as fraud may involve
          collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
          internal controls.

     •    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit of the consolidated
          financial statements and of arrangements and measures relevant to the audit of the
          combined management report in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate
          in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
          effectiveness of the Group’s internal control or of these arrangements and measures.

     •    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used by the Management Board
          and the reasonableness of estimates made by the Management Board and related
          disclosures.




                                            – II-105 –
APPENDIX II                    FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

     •    Conclude on the appropriateness of the Management Board’s use of the going concern
          basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material
          uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the
          Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
          uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in the auditor’s report to the
          related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements and in the combined
          management report or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our respective
          opinions. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of
          our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to
          cease to be able to continue as a going concern.

     •    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial
          statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial
          statements present the underlying transactions and events in a manner that the
          consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities,
          financial position and financial performance of the Group in compliance with IFRS
          Accounting Standards as adopted by the EU and the additional requirements of
          German commercial law pursuant to Section 315e (1) HGB.

     •    Plan and perform the audit of the consolidated financial statements to obtain sufficient
          appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
          business segments within the Group to provide a basis for our opinions on the
          consolidated financial statements and on the combined management report. We are
          responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We
          remain solely responsible for our opinions.

     •    Evaluate the consistency of the combined management report with the consolidated
          financial statements, its conformity with [German] law, and the view of the Group’s
          position it provides.

     •    Perform audit procedures on the prospective information presented by the
          Management Board in the combined management report. On the basis of sufficient
          appropriate audit evidence we evaluate, in particular, the significant assumptions used
          by the Management Board as a basis for the prospective information, and evaluate the
          proper derivation of the prospective information from these assumptions. We do not
          express a separate opinion on the prospective information and on the assumptions used
          as a basis. There is a substantial unavoidable risk that future events will differ
          materially from the prospective information.

     We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the
planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant
deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.




                                            – II-106 –
APPENDIX II                    FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

     We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied
with the relevant independence requirements, and communicate with them all relationships and
other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable,
the actions taken or safeguards applied to eliminate independence threats.

     From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those
matters that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the
current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s
report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter.

OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS

REPORT ON THE ASSURANCE ON THE ELECTRONIC RENDERING OF THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND THE COMBINED MANAGEMENT
REPORT PREPARED FOR PUBLICATION PURPOSES IN ACCORDANCE WITH
SECTION 317 (3A) HGB

OPINION

     We have performed assurance work in accordance with Section 317 (3a) HGB to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the rendering of the consolidated financial statements and
the combined management report (hereinafter the ‘ESEF documents’) contained in the electronic
file EB5D442E546E4D1DB933BC927804C6B0BF439BD467E552F3B894C64BC9ECE296 made
available and prepared for publication purposes complies in all material respects with the
requirements of Section 328 (1) HGB for the electronic reporting format (‘ESEF format’). In
accordance with German legal requirements, this assurance work extends only to the conversion
of the information contained in the consolidated financial statements and the combined
management report into the ESEF format and therefore relates neither to the information
contained in these renderings nor to any other information contained in the file identified above.

     In our opinion, the rendering of the consolidated financial statements and the combined
management report contained in the electronic file made available, identified above and prepared
for publication purposes complies in all material respects with the requirements of Section 328
(1) HGB for the electronic reporting format. Beyond this assurance opinion and our audit
opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial statements and the accompanying combined
management report for the financial year from January 1 to December 31, 2025, contained in the
‘Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Combined Management
Report’ above, we do not express any assurance opinion on the information contained within
these renderings or on the other information contained in the file identified above.

BASIS FOR THE OPINION

     We conducted our assurance work on the rendering of the consolidated financial statements
and the combined management report contained in the file made available and identified above
in accordance with Section 317 (3a) HGB and the IDW Assurance Standard: Assurance Work on



                                            – II-107 –
APPENDIX II                    FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

the Electronic Rendering of Financial Statements and Management Reports Prepared for
Publication Purposes in Accordance with Section 317 (3a) HGB (IDW AsS 410 (06.2022)). Our
responsibility in accordance therewith is described in the “Responsibilities of the Auditor of the
Consolidated Financial Statements for the ESEF documents” section. Our audit firm applies the
IDW Standard on Quality Management 1: Requirements for Quality Management in Audit Firms
(IDW QMS 1 (09.2022)).

RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE MANAGEMENT BOARD AND THE SUPERVISORY BOARD
FOR THE ESEF DOCUMENTS

      The Company’s Management Board is responsible for the preparation of the ESEF
documents including the electronic rendering of the consolidated financial statements and the
combined management report in accordance with Section 328 (1) sentence 4 item 1 HGB and for
the tagging of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with Section 328 (1) sentence
4 item 2 HGB.

    In addition, the Company’s Management Board is responsible for such internal control as it
has considered necessary to enable the preparation of ESEF documents that are free from
material intentional or unintentional non-compliance with the requirements of Section 328 (1)
HGB for the electronic reporting format.

    The Supervisory Board is responsible for overseeing the process of preparing the ESEF
documents as part of the financial reporting process.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE AUDITOR OF                      THE    CONSOLIDATED         FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS FOR THE ESEF DOCUMENTS

     Our objective is to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the ESEF documents are free
from material intentional or unintentional non-compliance with the requirements of Section
328 (1) HGB. We exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism
throughout the audit.

     We also:

     •    Identify and assess the risks of material intentional or unintentional non-compliance
          with the requirements of Section 328 (1) HGB, design and perform assurance
          procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain assurance evidence that is sufficient
          and appropriate to provide a basis for our assurance opinion.

     •    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the assurance on the ESEF
          documents in order to design assurance procedures that are appropriate in the
          circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an assurance opinion on the
          effectiveness of these controls.




                                           – II-108 –
APPENDIX II                   FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

     •    Evaluate the technical validity of the ESEF documents, i.e. whether the file made
          available containing the ESEF documents meets the requirements of Commission
          Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/815, as amended as of the reporting date, on the
          technical specification for this electronic file.

     •    Evaluate whether the ESEF documents provide an XHTML rendering with content
          equivalent to the audited consolidated financial statements and the audited combined
          management report.

     •    Evaluate whether the tagging of the ESEF documents with Inline XBRL technology
          (iXBRL) in accordance with the requirements of Articles 4 and 6 of the Commission
          Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/815, as amended as of the reporting date, enables an
          appropriate and complete machine-readable XBRL copy of the XHTML rendering.

FURTHER INFORMATION             PURSUANT TO ARTICLE              10   OF THE      EU AUDIT
REGULATION

     We were elected as auditor of the consolidated financial statements at the Annual General
Meeting on May 21, 2025. We were engaged by the Supervisory Board on October 8, 2025. We
have been the auditor of the consolidated financial statements of PUMA SE without interruption
since financial year 2022.

     We declare that the opinions expressed in this auditor’s report are consistent with the
additional report to the audit committee pursuant to Article 11 of the EU Audit Regulation
(long-form audit report).

OTHER MATTER – USE OF THE AUDITOR’S REPORT

      Our auditor’s report must always be read together with the audited consolidated financial
statements and the audited combined management report as well as the examined ESEF
documents. The consolidated financial statements and combined management report converted to
the ESEF format – including the versions to be entered in the German Company Register
[Unternehmensregister] – are merely electronic renderings of the audited consolidated financial
statements and the audited combined management report and do not take their place. In
particular, the ESEF report and our assurance opinion contained therein are to be used solely
together with the examined ESEF documents made available in electronic form.




                                          – II-109 –
APPENDIX II                   FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

GERMAN PUBLIC AUDITOR RESPONSIBLE FOR THE ENGAGEMENT

     The German Public Auditor responsible for the engagement is Matthias Koeplin.


Nuremberg, 25 February 2026

KPMG AG

Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft




Koeplin                                        Sanetra

Wirtschaftsprüfer                              Wirtschaftsprüfer
[German Public Auditor]                        [German Public Auditor]




                                         – II-110 –
APPENDIX II                   FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

B.   AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER
     2024

     The following is an extract of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Target
Group for the year ended 31 December 2024, which were prepared in accordance with IFRS,
from the Target Group’s Annual Report 2024 (pages 221 – 333).

     Specific page/section references mentioned in the audited consolidated financial statements
of the Target Group for the year ended 31 December 2024 are referred to in the Target Group’s
Annual Report 2024 which is available free of charge, in read-only, printable format on the
Target Group’s website at https://about.puma.com/en/investor-relations/financial-publications.




                                           – II-111 –
APPENDIX II                      FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

T.01 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF PUMA SE

                                                             31/12/2024   31/12/2023
                                                     Notes    € million    € million

Assets
Cash and cash equivalents                              3          368.2        552.9
Inventories                                            4        2,013.7      1,804.4
Trade receivables                                      5        1,246.5      1,118.4
Income tax receivables                                22           87.6         90.1
Other current financial assets                        6           328.3         94.9
Other current assets                                   7          260.9        270.4


Current assets                                                  4,305.2      3,931.1


Deferred tax assets                                    8          243.6        296.1
Property, plant and equipment                          9          765.7        685.6
Right-of-use assets                                   10        1,116.8      1,087.7
Intangible assets                                     11          585.8        530.8
Other non-current financial assets                    12           95.4         83.6
Other non-current assets                              12           28.1         25.6


Non-current assets                                              2,835.4      2,709.3


Total assets                                                    7,140.6      6,640.4




                                        – II-112 –
APPENDIX II                     FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

                                                                31/12/2024   31/12/2023
                                                       Notes     € million    € million

Liabilities and equity
Current borrowings                                      13           131.6        145.9
Trade payables                                          13         1,893.5      1,499.8
Income tax liabilities                                  22            69.1         79.3
Current lease liabilities                               10           220.6        212.4
Other current provisions                                16            39.0         27.7
Other current financial liabilities                     13            47.1         78.6
Other current liabilities                               13           470.0        493.4


Current liabilities                                                2,870.9      2,537.2


Non-current borrowings                                  13           356.4        426.1
Non-current lease liabilities                           10         1,010.0      1,020.0
Deferred tax liabilities                                 8            14.2         12.4
Pension provisions                                      15            27.3         22.5
Other non-current provisions                            16            29.3         27.3
Other non-current financial liabilities                 13             2.9         11.4
Other non-current liabilities                           13             1.1          1.3


Non-current liabilities                                            1,441.0      1,520.9


Subscribed capital                                      17           149.7        150.8
Capital reserve                                         17            94.8         93.8
Other reserves                                          17         2,602.5      2,330.4
Treasury stock                                          17           -19.3        -21.6
Equity attributable to the shareholders of PUMA
  SE                                                               2,827.7      2,553.4
Non-controlling interests                              17, 28          0.9         28.9


Total equity                                                       2,828.6      2,582.3


Total liabilities and equity                                       7,140.6      6,640.4




                                          – II-113 –
APPENDIX II                   FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT

T.02 CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT OF PUMA SE

                                                                       2024        2023
                                                          Notes    € million   € million

Sales                                                     19, 24     8,817.2     8,601.7
Cost of sales                                               24      -4,639.2    -4,615.1


Gross profit                                               24        4,177.9     3,986.6
Royalty and commission income                                           24.3        38.5
Other operating income and expenses                        20       -3,580.2    -3,403.5


  Thereof impairment losses on trade
    receivables and other financial assets                              -1.9       -12.2

Operating result (EBIT)                                               622.0       621.6


Financial income                                           21         137.3       112.7
Financial expenses                                         21        -297.0      -256.0


Financial result                                                     -159.7      -143.3


Earnings before taxes (EBT)                                           462.3       478.3
Income taxes                                               22        -120.0      -117.8


Consolidated net income of the year                                   342.3       360.6

Attributable to:
Non-controlling interests                                 17, 28       60.7        55.7

Net income attributable to the shareholders of
 PUMA SE                                                              281.6       304.9




                                             – II-114 –
APPENDIX II                  FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

                                                                  2024        2023
                                                      Notes   € million   € million

Earnings per share ( € )                               23         1.89        2.03
Earnings per share ( € ) – diluted                     23         1.89        2.03
Weighted average number of outstanding shares
  (million shares)                                     23       149.32      149.85
Weighted average number of outstanding shares,
  diluted (million shares)                             23       149.38      149.87




                                         – II-115 –
APPENDIX II                   FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

T.03 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME OF PUMA SE

                                                                    2024        2023
                                                        Notes   € million   € million

Consolidated net income of the year                                342.3       360.6


Currency translation differences                                    84.2        -87.6
Net gain/loss on cash flow hedges, net after tax         14         94.4        -18.0
Net gain/loss on cost of hedging reserve –
  options, net after tax                                 14         11.3          0.0
Net gain/loss on cost of hedging reserve –
  forward contracts, net after tax                       14         -16.3         0.0


Items expected to be reclassified to the income
  statement in the future                                          173.7      -105.6


Remeasurements of the net defined benefit
  liability, net after tax                               15          -2.8        -0.8
Neutral effects financial assets through other
  comprehensive income (FVOCI), net after tax            14          -2.8        -0.5


Items not expected to be reclassified to the
  income statement in the future                                     -5.5        -1.3


Other comprehensive income                                         168.1      -106.9


Comprehensive income                                               510.5       253.7

attributable to:
Non-controlling interests                                           61.3        54.2

Shareholders of PUMA SE                                            449.2       199.6




                                           – II-116 –
APPENDIX II                   FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

T.04 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS OF PUMA SE

                                                                    2024        2023
                                                        Notes   € million   € million

Operating activities
Earnings before taxes (EBT)                                        462.3       478.3
Adjustments for:
  Depreciation and impairment losses               9, 10, 11       386.9       357.5
  Reversal of impairment losses                    9, 10, 11       -29.4       -11.9
  Non-realized currency gains/losses, net                          -57.4        60.1
  Financial income                                       21        -31.7       -37.8
  Financial expenses                                     21        128.4       100.7
  Gains/losses from the sale of fixed assets                         0.2        -3.9
  Changes to pension provision                           15          0.2        -1.5
  Other non cash effected expenses/income                           18.7        22.5


Gross cash flow                                       25           878.2       964.1
Changes in receivables and other current assets     5, 6, 7       -231.5      -153.4
Changes in inventories                                 4          -218.2       352.1
Changes in trade payables and other current
  liabilities                                            13        380.3      -327.9


Net cash from operational business activities                      808.9       834.9
Dividends received                                       12          0.4         0.0
Income taxes paid                                        22       -114.4      -181.3


Net cash from operating activities                       25        694.8       653.6


Investing activities
  Purchase of property and equipment                    9, 11     -263.0      -300.4
  Proceeds from sale of property and equipment                       8.7        14.3
  Payments for other assets                              12         -7.6       -36.3
  Interest received                                      21         31.4        37.8


Net cash used in investing activities                             -230.5      -284.6




                                           – II-117 –
APPENDIX II                  FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

                                                                    2024        2023
                                                       Notes    € million   € million

Financing activities
  Repayment of lease liabilities                        10        -222.5      -208.0
  Repayment of current borrowings                       13        -125.0       -59.1
  Raising of current borrowings                         13          39.0         0.0
  Raising of non-current borrowings                     13           0.0       299.6
  Dividend payments to shareholders of PUMA
    SE                                                   17       -122.8      -122.8
  Dividend payments to non-controlling interests       17, 28      -89.4       -92.4
  Repurchase of own shares                               17        -50.0         0.0
  Interest paid                                          21       -127.2       -94.3


Net cash used in financing activities                   25        -697.8      -277.1


Exchange rate-related changes in cash and cash
  equivalents                                                       48.8        -2.1
Change in cash and cash equivalents                               -184.7        89.8
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of
  the financial year                                               552.9       463.1


Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the
 financial year                                        3, 25       368.2       552.9




                                          – II-118 –
APPENDIX II                                                 FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

T.05 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY OF PUMA SE (IN €
     MILLION)

                                                                                             Other reserves
                                                                    Revenue                                             Reserve for
                                                                    reserves    Difference                Reserve for      hedging
                                                                        incl.         from      Cash flow    hedging        costs –                                  Non-
                                            Subscribed    Capital   retained      currency       hedging      costs –      forward    Treasury Shareholders’   controlling
                                                capital   reserve   earnings    conversion        reserve     options     contracts      stock        equity     interests Total equity

1 January 2023                                   150.8       90.8    2,496.2        -256.8           14.2         0.0           0.0      -23.5       2,471.7         67.1       2,538.8


Consolidated net income of the year                                    304.9                                                                           304.9         55.7         360.6
Other comprehensive income                                              -1.3         -85.9           -18.1                                            -105.3         -1.5        -106.9


Comprehensive income                                0.0       0.0      303.6         -85.9           -18.1        0.0           0.0        0.0         199.6         54.2         253.7


Dividend payments to shareholders of
  PUMA SE/non-controlling interests                                   -122.8                                                                          -122.8        -92.4        -215.3
Share-based payment and utilization/issue
  of treasury stock                                           3.0                                                                          1.9           4.9                        4.9
Transaction with shareholders                                                                                                                            0.0          0.1           0.1


31 December 2023                                 150.8       93.8    2,677.0        -342.7            -3.9        0.0           0.0      -21.6       2,553.4         28.9       2,582.3


31 December 2023                                 150.8       93.8    2,677.0        -342.7            -3.9        0.0           0.0      -21.6       2,553.4         28.9       2,582.3
Transition effect IFRS 9 (hedge
  accounting), net after tax                                             -4.9                                    -1.3           6.2                      0.0                        0.0


1 January 2024                                   150.8       93.8    2,672.1        -342.7            -3.9       -1.3           6.2      -21.6       2,553.4         28.9       2,582.3


Consolidated net income of the year                                    281.6                                                                           281.6         60.7         342.3
Other comprehensive income                                              -5.5          83.5           94.5        11.3         -16.3                    167.5          0.6         168.1


Comprehensive income                                0.0       0.0      276.1          83.5           94.5        11.3         -16.3        0.0         449.2         61.3         510.5


Hedging gains and losses transferred to
  cost of inventory                                                                                   -4.3                                              -4.3                       -4.3
Dividend payments to shareholders of
  PUMA SE/non-controlling interests                                   -122.8                                                                          -122.8        -89.4        -212.1
Share-based payment and utilisation/issue
  of treasury stock                                          -0.1                                                                          2.4           2.3                        2.3
Repurchase of treasury shares                                                                                                            -50.0         -50.0                      -50.0
Cancellation of treasury shares                    -1.1       1.1      -49.9                                                              49.9           0.0                        0.0
Changes in the consolidation scope                                                    -0.1                                                              -0.1                       -0.1


31 December 2024                                 149.7       94.8    2,775.6        -259.3           86.4        10.0         -10.1      -19.3       2,827.7          0.9       2,828.6




                                                                                  – II-119 –
APPENDIX II                          FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1.    GENERAL

       Under the PUMA and Cobra Golf brand names, PUMA SE and its subsidiaries are engaged in the development
and sale of a broad range of sports and sports lifestyle products, including footwear, apparel and accessories. The
company is a European stock corporation (Societas Europaea/SE) and parent company of the PUMA Group; its
registered office is on PUMA WAY 1, 91074 Herzogenaurach, Germany. The competent registry court is in Fürth
(Bavaria), the register number is HRB 13085.

      The consolidated financial statements of PUMA SE and its subsidiaries (hereinafter referred to in short as the
“Group” or “PUMA”) were prepared in accordance with the “International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)”
accounting standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB), as they are to be applied in the
EU, and the supplementary accounting principles to be applied in accordance with Section 315e(1) of the German
Commercial Code (HGB). All of the IASB standards and interpretations, as they are to be applied in the EU, which are
mandatory for financial years as of 1 January 2024, have been applied.

      The items contained in the financial statements of the individual Group companies are measured based on the
currency that corresponds to the currency of the primary economic environment in which the Company operates. The
consolidated financial statements are prepared in euros (EUR or €). The presentation of amounts in millions of euros
with one decimal place may lead to rounding differences since the calculation of individual items is based on figures
presented in thousands.

      The cost of sales method is used for the consolidated income statement.

      The following new or amended standards and interpretations have been used for the first time in the current
financial year:

      T.06 NEW AND AMENDED STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS

      Standard                                   Title

      First-time adoption in the current
        financial year
      Amendments to IFRS 16                      Lease liabilities as part of a sale and leaseback transaction
      Amendments to IAS 1                        Classification of liabilities as current or non-current
      Amendments to IAS 1                        Non-current liabilities with covenants
      Amendments to IAS 7 und IFRS 7             Supplier financing agreements

      The amendments to the standards and interpretations described below, which were to be initially adopted as of 1
January 2024, did not materially affect the PUMA consolidated financial statements.

       The amendments to IFRS 16 incorporate regulations for the subsequent measurement of a lease liability in the
event of a sale and leaseback transaction into the standard. The amendment of IFRS 16 requires that the lease liability
be measured in such a way that no profit or loss arises upon its subsequent measurement in relation to the right of use
that has been reacquired. This change has no material effect on PUMA’s consolidated financial statements.

       The amendments to IAS 1 regarding the classification of liabilities as current or non-current only affect the
presentation of liabilities as current or non-current in the balance sheet, but not the amount or the timing of the
recognition of assets, liabilities, income or expenses or the information provided on these items. The amendments
clarify that the classification of liabilities as current or non-current is based on rights existing at the end of the
reporting period. The amendments stipulate that the classification is not affected by expectations as to whether an
entity will exercise its right to defer settlement of a liability. The amendments explain that rights exist when the
obligations are met at the end of the reporting period and introduce a definition of “fulfilment” to clarify that
fulfilment relates to the transfer of cash, equity instruments, other assets or services to the counterparty. These
amendments had no material effect on PUMA’s consolidated financial statements.




                                                     – II-120 –
APPENDIX II                            FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

        The amendments to IAS 1 relating to non-current liabilities with covenants determine that only those obligations
that must be met by an entity on or before the reporting date affect the entity’s right to defer settlement of a liability by
at least twelve months after the reporting date and must therefore be taken into account in the assessment of the
liability as current or non-current. Such obligations affect whether the right exists at the end of the reporting period,
even where compliance with the obligation is not assessed until after the balance sheet date (e.g. an obligation based on
the financial position of the entity as at the balance sheet date and its compliance is not assessed until after the balance
sheet date). These amendments had no effect on PUMA’s consolidated financial statements.

       The amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7 concern additional mandatory disclosures in the notes relating to supplier
financing agreements. The additional disclosures in the notes are intended to increase the transparency of reverse
factoring agreements and their impact on liabilities, cash flows and liquidity risk in the financial statements. These
changes had no effect on PUMA’s net assets, financial position or earning position, but led to an increase in the number
of disclosures in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

      NEW, BUT NOT YET MANDATORY, STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS

             The following standards and interpretations have been released but will only become effective in later
      reporting periods and are not applied earlier by the Group:

             T.07 NEW, BUT NOT YET MANDATORY, STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS

                                                                                                               Planned
                                                                                               Date of         first-time
             Standard                        Title                                             adoption*       application

             Endorsed
             Amendments to IAS 21            Lack of exchangeability                           01/01/2025      01/01/2025

             Endorsement pending
             Amendments to IFRS 9 and        Contracts relating to nature-dependent            01/01/2026      01/01/2026
               IFRS 7                          electricity
             AIP Volume 11                   Annual improvements to IFRS                       01/01/2026      01/01/2026
             Amendments to IFRS 9 and        Changes in the classification and                 01/01/2026      01/01/2026
               IFRS 7                          measurement of financial instruments
             IFRS 18                         Presentation and disclosure in the financial      01/01/2027      01/01/2027
                                               statements
             IFRS 19                         Subsidiaries without public accountability:       01/01/2027      01/01/2027
                                               information

             *     Adjusted by EU endorsement, if applicable

             With the exception of IFRS 18, PUMA does not expect that these amendments will have any significant
      effects on the net assets, financial position and results of operations.

             IFRS 18 will replace the previous standard, IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements. Many IAS 1
      requirements remain unchanged and have been supplemented with additional requirements. IFRS 18 aims to
      improve the presentation of financial information and to make financial statements more transparent and
      comparable. The main new features of IFRS 18 are that two mandatory subtotals have been introduced in the
      income statement: operating profit or loss and profit or loss before financing and income taxes. These subtotals
      are based on the classification of income and expenses in the following categories: the operating category, the
      investing category and the financing category. Furthermore, the income taxes category and the income from
      discontinued operations category are presented. The requirements of IFRS 18 also introduce additional notes
      disclosures, for example on management-defined performance measures (MPMs). These are key performance
      indicators publicly communicated by management separately from the consolidated financial statements that are
      not specified by IFRS accounting standards. In addition, IFRS 18 contains new guidelines aimed at improving
      the aggregation and disaggregation of items presented in the financial statements. PUMA assumes that the
      application of IFRS 18 may have an impact on the consolidated financial statements in future periods.




                                                       – II-121 –
APPENDIX II                          FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

2.   SIGNIFICANT CONSOLIDATION, ACCOUNTING AND VALUATION PRINCIPLES

     CONSOLIDATION PRINCIPLES

           The consolidated financial statements were prepared as of 31 December 2024, the reporting date of the
     annual financial statements of the PUMA SE parent company, on the basis of uniform accounting and valuation
     principles according to IFRS, as applied in the EU.

     GROUP OF CONSOLIDATED COMPANIES

            In addition to PUMA SE, the consolidated financial statements include all subsidiaries in which PUMA SE
     directly or indirectly holds existing rights that give it the current ability to direct the relevant activities. At
     present, control of all Group companies is based on a direct or indirect majority of voting rights.

          Associated companies are generally accounted for in the Group using the equity method. As of 31
     December 2024, however, the Group does not hold any investments in associated companies.

           The changes in the number of Group companies (including the parent company PUMA SE) in the financial
     year 2024 were as follows:

           T.08 CHANGE IN GROUP OF CONSOLIDATED COMPANIES

           As of                                                                      31/12/2023                    100
           Formation of companies                                                                                     4
           Disposal of companies                                                                                     -2


           As of                                                                      31/12/2024                    102


           The additions to the group of consolidated companies relate to the founding of PUMA Sports Vietnam Co
     Ltd, Vietnam, PUMA Central Europe GmbH, Germany, stichd sportmerchandising general trading L.L.C. –
     O.P.C., United Arab Emirates, and stichd sportmerchandising sports trading WLL, Qatar.

          The disposals in the group of consolidated companies relate to the merger of PUMA SPORTS
     DISTRIBUTORS (PTY) LTD, South Africa within the group of consolidated companies and the liquidation of
     Puma Sport Israel Ltd. In Liq, Israel.

           The changes in the group of consolidated companies did not have a significant effect on the net assets,
     financial position and results of operations.

           The Group companies are allocated to regions as follows:

           T.09 LIST OF SHAREHOLDINGS OF PUMA SE AS OF 31 DECEMBER 2024 2)

                                                                                                               Share of
           No.     Companies/Legal entities        Country               City                  Shareholder      capital

                   Parent company
           1.      PUMA SE                         Germany               Herzogenaurach

                   EMEA
           2.      Austria Puma Dassler            Austria               Salzburg              direct             100%
                      Gesellschaft m.b.H.
           3.      stichd austria gmbh             Austria               Salzburg              indirect           100%
           4.      Puma Czech Republic s.r.o.      Czech Republic        Prague                indirect           100%
           5.      PUMA DENMARK A/S                Denmark               Aarhus                indirect           100%




                                                    – II-122 –
APPENDIX II                   FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

                                                                                              Share of
      No.   Companies/Legal entities         Country         City               Shareholder    capital

      6.    PUMA Estonia OÜ                  Estonia         Tallinn            indirect         100%
      7.    PUMA Finland Oy                  Finland         Helsinki           indirect         100%
      8.    PUMA FRANCE SAS                  France          Strasbourg         indirect         100%
      9.    stichd france SAS                France          Boulogne           indirect         100%
                                                               Billancourt
      10.   PUMA International Trading       Germany         Herzogenaurach     direct           100%
               GmbH
      11.   PUMA Europe GmbH                 Germany         Herzogenaurach     direct           100%
      12.   PUMA Central Europe GmbH         Germany         Herzogenaurach     indirect         100%
      13.   PUMA Sprint GmbH                 Germany         Herzogenaurach     direct           100%
      14.   PUMA Mostro GmbH                 Germany         Herzogenaurach     indirect         100%
      15.   PUMA Blue Sea GmbH               Germany         Herzogenaurach     indirect         100%
      16.   stichd germany gmbh              Germany         Düsseldorf         indirect         100%
      17.   PUMA UNITED KINGDOM              Great Britain   Castleford         indirect         100%
               LTD
      18.   PUMA PREMIER LTD                 Great Britain   Castleford         indirect         100%
      19.   STICHD UK LTD                    Great Britain   Mansfield          indirect         100%
      20.   STICHD                           Great Britain   London             indirect         100%
               SPORTMERCHANDISING
               UK LTD
      21.   GENESIS GROUP                    Great Britain   Manchester         direct           100%
               INTERNATIONAL
               LIMITED
      22.   Sport Equipment Hellas S. A.     Greece          Athens             direct          100% 1)
               of Footwear, Apparel and
               Sportswear u.Li.
      23.   PUMA ITALIA S.R.L.               Italy           Assago             indirect         100%
      24.   STICHD ITALY SRL                 Italy           Assago             indirect         100%
      25.   Puma Benelux B.V.                Netherlands     Leusden            direct           100%
      26.   PUMA International Sports        Netherlands     Leusden            direct           100%
               Marketing B.V.
      27.   stichd group B.V.                Netherlands     ’s-Hertogenbosch   direct           100%
      28.   stichd international B.V.        Netherlands     ’s-Hertogenbosch   indirect         100%
      29.   stichd sportmerchandising B.V.   Netherlands     ’s-Hertogenbosch   indirect         100%
      30.   stichd B.V.                      Netherlands     ’s-Hertogenbosch   indirect         100%
      31.   stichd logistics B.V.            Netherlands     ’s-Hertogenbosch   indirect         100%
      32.   stichd licensing B.V.            Netherlands     ’s-Hertogenbosch   indirect         100%
      33.   PUMA NORWAY AS                   Norway          Fornebu            indirect         100%
      34.   PUMA POLSKA sp. z o.o.           Poland          Warsaw             indirect         100%
      35.   PUMA SPORTS ROMANIA              Romania         Bucharest          indirect         100%
               SRL
      36.   PUMA-RUS o.o.o.                  Russia          Moscow             indirect         100%
      37.   PUMA SPORTS S A (PTY)            South Africa    Cape Town          indirect         100%
               LTD
      38.   PUMA IBERIA SLU                  Spain           Madrid             indirect         100%
      39.   STICHDIBERIA S.L.                Spain           Cornella de        indirect         100%
                                                               Llobregat
      40.   Nrotert AB                       Sweden          Helsingborg        direct           100%
      41.   PUMA Nordic AB                   Sweden          Solna              indirect         100%
      42.   Nrotert Sweden AB                Sweden          Helsingborg        indirect         100%
      43.   stichd nordic AB                 Sweden          Helsingborg        indirect         100%
      44.   MOUNT PUMA AG                    Switzerland     Oensingen          direct           100%
      45.   Puma Retail AG                   Switzerland     Oensingen          indirect         100%




                                              – II-123 –
APPENDIX II                    FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

                                                                                     Share of
      No.   Companies/Legal entities      Country       City           Shareholder    capital

      46.   stichd switzerland ag         Switzerland   Egerkingen     indirect         100%
      47.   PUMA Spor Giyim Sanayi ve     Türkiye       Istanbul       indirect         100%
               Ticaret A.S.
      48.   PUMA UKRAINE LIMITED          Ukraine       Kiew           indirect         100%
               LIABILITY COMPANY
      49.   PUMA Middle East FZ-LLC       United Arab   Dubai          indirect         100%
                                           Emirates
      50.   PUMA UAE (L.L.C)              United Arab   Dubai          indirect         100%
                                           Emirates
      51.   stichd sportmerchandising     United Arab   Abu Dhabi      indirect         100%
               general trading L.L.C. –    Emirates
               O.P.C.
      52.   stichd sportmerchandising     Qatar         Doha           indirect         100%
               sports trading WLL

            Americas
      53.   PUMA Sports Argentina S.A.    Argentina     Buenos Aires   indirect         100%
               (former Unisol S.A.)
      54.   PUMA Sports Ltda.             Brazil        Sao Paulo      indirect         100%
      55.   PUMA Canada, Inc.             Canada        Toronto        indirect         100%
      56.   PUMA United Canada ULC        Canada        Vancouver      indirect          51%
      57.   PUMA CHILE SpA                Chile         Santiago       direct           100%
      58.   PUMA SERVICIOS SpA            Chile         Santiago       indirect         100%
      59.   PUMA México Sport, S.A. de    Mexico        Mexico City    direct           100%
               C.V.
      60.   Importaciones RDS, S.A. de    Mexico        Mexico City    direct           100%
               C.V.
      61.   GLOBAL LICENSE STICHD         Mexico        Mexico City    indirect         100%
               GROUP MEXICO S.A. de
               C.V.
      62.   Importationes Brand Plus      Mexico        Mexico City    indirect         100%
               Licensing S.A. de C.V.
      63.   Distribuidora Deportiva       Peru          Lima           indirect         100%
               PUMA S.A.C.
      64.   Distribuidora Deportiva       Peru          Tacna          indirect         100%
               PUMA Tacna S.A.C.
      65.   PUMA Sports LA S.A.           Uruguay       Montevideo     direct           100%
      66.   PUMA Suede Holding, Inc.      USA           Wilmington     indirect         100%
      67.   PUMA North America, Inc.      USA           Wilmington     indirect         100%
      68.   Cobra Golf Incorporated       USA           Wilmington     indirect         100%
      69.   PUMA United Aviation North    USA           Wilmington     indirect          70%
               America LLC
      70.   PUMA United Canada            USA           Wilmington     indirect         100%
               Holding, Inc.
      71.   PUMA United North America     USA           Dover          indirect          51%
               LLC
      72.   Janed Canada, LLC             USA           Dover          indirect         51%
      73.   stichd NA, Inc.               USA           Wilmington     indirect        100%
      74.   PUMA Card Services NA,        USA           Plantation     indirect        100%
               LLC.

            Asia/Pacific
      75.   PUMA Australia Pty. Ltd.      Australia     Melbourne      indirect        100%




                                           – II-124 –
APPENDIX II                   FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

                                                                                               Share of
      No.   Companies/Legal entities         Country          City               Shareholder    capital

      76.   White Diamond Australia Pty.     Australia        Melbourne          indirect         100%
               Ltd.
      77.   White Diamond Properties Pty.    Australia        Melbourne          indirect         100%
               Ltd.
      78.   PUMA China Ltd. (彪馬(上            China            Shanghai           indirect         100%
               海)商貿有限公司)
      79.   stichd Trading (Shanghai) Co.,   China            Shanghai           indirect         100%
               Ltd. (斯梯起特貿易(上海)有
               限公司)
      80.   Guangzhou World Cat              China            Guangzhou          indirect         100%
               Information Consulting
               Services Company Ltd.
               (廣州寰彪信息咨询服務有限
               公司)
      81.   World Cat Ltd. (寰彪有限公            China            Hong Kong          direct           100%
               司)
      82.   Development Services Ltd.        China            Hong Kong          direct           100%
      83.   PUMA International Trading       China            Hong Kong          indirect         100%
               Services Ltd.
      84.   PUMA ASIA PACIFIC LTD            China            Hong Kong          direct           100%
               (彪馬亞太區有限公司)
      85.   PUMA Hong Kong Ltd. (彪馬          China            Hong Kong          indirect         100%
               香港有限公司)
      86.   stichd Limited                   China            Hong Kong          indirect         100%
      87.   PUMA Sports India Private        India            Bangalore          indirect         100%
               Ltd.
      88.   PT PUMA Cat Indonesia            Indonesia        Jakarta            indirect         100%
      89.   PT PUMA Sports Indonesia         Indonesia        Jakarta            indirect         100%
      90.   PUMA Japan K.K.                  Japan            Tokyo              indirect         100%
               (プーマジャパン株式會社)
      91.   PUMA Korea Ltd.                  (South) Korea    Seoul              direct           100%

      92.  Stichd Korea Ltd                  (South) Korea    Incheon            indirect         100%
      93.  PUMA Sports Goods Sdn.            Malaysia         Petaling Jaya      indirect         100%
             Bhd.
      94. STICHD SOUTHEAST ASIA              Malaysia         Kuala Lumpur       indirect         100%
             SDN. BHD.
      95. PUMA New Zealand Ltd.              New Zealand      Auckland           indirect         100%
      96. PUMANILA IT SERVICES               Philippines      City of Makati     indirect         100%
             INC.
      97. PUMA Sports Philippines Inc.       Philippines      City of Makati     indirect         100%
      98. PUMA SOUTH EAST ASIA               Singapore                           indirect         100%
             PTE. LTD.
      99. PUMA Taiwan Sports Ltd.            China (Taiwan)   Taipei             indirect         100%
             (台灣彪馬股份有限公司)
      100. PUMA Sports (Thailand) Co.,       Thailand         Bangkok            indirect         100%
             Ltd.
      101. World Cat Vietnam Sourcing        Vietnam          Ho Chi Minh City   indirect         100%
             & Development Services
             Company Limited




                                              – II-125 –
APPENDIX II                       FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

                                                                                                            Share of
         No.    Companies/Legal entities         Country              City                  Shareholder      capital

         102. PUMA Sports Vietnam Co Ltd         Vietnam              Ho Chi Minh City      indirect           100%

         1)
                subsidiaries which are assigned to be economically 100% PUMA Group

         2)
                This list is part of PUMA’s 2024 Sustainability Statement in accordance with ESRS 2 SBM-1

         PUMA Mostro GmbH, PUMA Blue Sea GmbH, PUMA Sprint GmbH and PUMA Central Europe GmbH
   have made use of the exemption provision under Section 264(3) of the German Commercial Code (HGB). PUMA
   Europe GmbH and PUMA International Trading GmbH have also made use of the exemption provision under
   Section 264(3) HGB, but waive the exemption from the third subsection.

          In accordance with Article 403 of the second book of the Dutch Civil Code (Article 2:403 BW), with
   effect from 1 January 2023, PUMA SE shall be jointly and severally liable for debts arising from legal
   transactions of the following Dutch subsidiaries with registered office in ’s-Hertogenbosch (De Waterman 2, 5215
   MX): stichd group B.V., stichd sport merchandising B.V., stichd licensing B.V., stichd international B.V., stichd
   logistics B.V. and stichd B.V.

   CURRENCY CONVERSION

         In general, monetary items in foreign currencies are converted in the individual financial statements of the
   Group companies at the exchange rate valid on the balance sheet date. Any resulting currency gains and losses
   are immediately recognised in the income statement. Non-monetary items are converted at historical acquisition
   and manufacturing cost.

          The assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries, whose functional currency is not the euro, have been
   converted to euros at the exchange rates valid on the balance sheet date. Expenses and income have been
   converted at the annual average exchange rates. Any differences resulting from the currency conversion of net
   assets relative to exchange rates that had changed in comparison with the previous year were adjusted directly in
   other comprehensive income.

         The significant conversion rates per euro are as follows:

         T.10 SIGNIFICANT CONVERSION RATES

                                                           2024                                2023
                                               Exchange rate                       Exchange rate
                                                         on          Average                 on          Average
         Currency                               31 December     exchange rate       31 December     exchange rate

         USD                                           1.0389            1.0824            1.1050            1.0813
         CNY                                           7.5833            7.7875            7.8509            7.6600
         JPY                                         163.0600          163.8519          156.3300          151.9903
         MXN                                          21.5504           19.8314           18.7231           19.1830
         ARS*                                      1,070.9281                 –          892.9166                 –

         *      Due to the application of accounting for hyperinflationary economies in Argentina, all items in the
                financial statements are converted at the exchange rate applicable on the reporting date.

          Argentina and Türkiye are in a hyperinflation environment. In 2022, the subsidiaries whose functional
   currency is the Argentine peso or the Turkish lira applied the accounting for hyperinflation economies in
   accordance with IAS 29 for the first time, with retroactive effect from 1 January 2022. The carrying amounts of
   non-monetary assets and liabilities, shareholders’ equity and other comprehensive income are translated into the
   unit of measurement applicable at the balance sheet date and thus adjusted to reflect price changes. The financial




                                                  – II-126 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

   statements are based on the concept of historical acquisition and/or production costs. The exchange rate as of 31
   December 2024 was used for conversion into the reporting currency, the euro, for all items.

         Gains and losses on the net monetary position are included in the financial result. In the financial year
   2024, the net profit from the monetary items amounted to €2.1 million (previous year: €7.7 million). The
   amount also includes interest income from invested cash and cash equivalents in accordance with IAS 29.28.

         The price index used for Türkiye as of 31 December 2024 was 2,684.6 (31 December 2023: 1,859.4) and is
   based on the consumer price index. The general price index used for Argentina as of 31 December 2024 was
   7,686.2 (31 December 2023: 3,500.4).

   ACCOUNTING AND VALUATION PRINCIPLES

   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

          Financial instruments are classified and recognised in accordance with IFRS 9. Acquisitions and disposals
   of financial assets, with the exception of trade receivables, are initially recognised on the settlement date and are
   recorded at fair value.

          For investments (equity instruments), IFRS 9 allows a measurement at fair value through other
   comprehensive income (FVOCI) under certain conditions. If these investments, however, are disposed of or
   adjusted in value, the gains and losses from these investments which were not realised up to this point are
   reclassified to retained earnings in accordance with IFRS 9.

   DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS/HEDGE ACCOUNTING

         PUMA is applying the provisions of IFRS 9 for phase 3 hedge accounting for the first time as of 1 January
   2024. Previously, the option of continuing to apply IAS 39 for hedge accounting was exercised. For reasons of
   materiality, PUMA does not restate comparative information for previous periods. Consequently, an adjustment
   was made to the opening balance sheet as of 1 January 2024. For existing cash flow hedge relationships, the
   hedging cost approach was applied retrospectively on a mandatory basis for options held as at the opening date
   and voluntarily for the components of forward exchange contracts excluded from the designation. This resulted
   in a correction of the opening balance sheet in a high single-digit million euro amount, with the amount being
   withdrawn from retained earnings and allocated to other comprehensive income.

         Derivative financial instruments are recognised at fair value at the time a contract is entered into and
   thereafter. At the time a hedging instrument is concluded, PUMA classifies the derivatives as hedges of a planned
   transaction and hedging variable interest flows from the promissory note loans (cash flow hedge accounting).

          At the time when the transaction is concluded, the hedging relationship between the hedging instrument
   and the underlying transaction as well as the purpose of risk management and the underlying strategy are
   documented. In addition, assessments as to whether the derivatives used in the hedge accounting compensate
   effectively for a change in the cash flow of the underlying transaction are documented at the beginning of the
   hedging relationship and continuously thereafter.

          As under IAS 39, the PUMA Group now also generally designates the spot component of currency
   forwards and the intrinsic value of currency and interest rate options in a hedging relationship under IFRS 9. The
   effective cumulative changes in fair value resulting from the spot component or the intrinsic value are initially
   recognised directly in equity in the cash flow hedging reserve in other comprehensive income, taking into
   account deferred taxes.

         When accounting for currency hedges as cash flow hedges, the time values of the option contracts as well
   as the forward components and the currency basis spreads of the forward exchange contracts are excluded from
   designation in a hedging relationship. For these components excluded from designation, the hedging cost
   approach is applied mandatorily for options and voluntarily for currency forwards.




                                                   – II-127 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

         When accounting for interest rate hedges as cash flow hedges, the time values of the option transactions
   are excluded from designation in a hedging relationship. The hedging cost approach is mandatory for these
   components excluded from designation. The effective cumulative changes in market value of the non-designated
   components are recognised as hedging costs in other comprehensive income as a separate item, taking into
   account deferred taxes.

          In general, the changes in market value of the components designated in hedging relationships for foreign
   currency hedges accumulated in other comprehensive income are included in the acquisition costs when hedged
   non-financial assets are initially recognised or, in other cases, are reclassified to the income statement in the
   same period as the hedged item affects profit or loss. The adjustment of non-financial assets affects profit or loss
   in the same way and in the same periods as the affected non-financial items affect profit or loss. A corresponding
   disclosure is made both in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income and in the consolidated statement
   of changes in equity. In the case of interest rate hedges, the changes in market value accumulated in accumulated
   other equity are reclassified to interest expense. The components excluded from the designation are reclassified
   from other comprehensive income to the financial result.

         In the unusual case for the PUMA Group that derivative financial instruments are not designated as
   hedging instruments, they continue to be classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss.

          The Group documents the existence of an economic relationship between the hedging instrument and the
   hedged underlying transaction on the basis of the key valuation parameters, such as the reference interest rate,
   the currency, the amount and the time of their respective cash flows (critical terms match method). The Group
   uses the cumulative dollar offset method to assess whether the derivative designated in each hedging relationship
   is expected to be prospectively effective and whether it was retrospectively effective in relation to offsetting
   changes in the cash flows of the hedged underlying transaction. All derivatives classified as hedging instruments
   are therefore linked to specific, committed and planned transactions. The economic relationship between the
   hedging instrument and the hedged underlying transaction can be determined qualitatively and quantitatively.

          The main reason for ineffectiveness is the decline or loss of hedged transactions in these hedging
   relationships. A change in credit risk may also result in ineffectiveness.

          The fair values of the derivative instruments are shown under Other current and non-current financial
   assets or liabilities.

   PUMA AS LESSEE

          The leases for which PUMA acts as a lessee are identified at the individual contract level. For these leases,
   PUMA recognises a right-of-use asset and a respective lease liability, with the exception of short-term leases
   (defined as leases with a term of no more than 12 months) and low-value lease agreements (with a value of less
   than €5,000 at contract conclusion). In the case of a short-term lease or low-value lease, the Group recognises
   the lease payments on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease agreement as other operating expense.

         In addition, right-of-use assets are not recognised for intangible assets. PUMA has made use of the option
   and decided not to apply IFRS 16 with regard to leases for intangible assets.

          The lease liability at initial recognition is measured at the present value of the not yet paid lease payments
   at the beginning of the lease agreement. The present value is calculated using the incremental borrowing rate, as
   the interest rate implicit in the lease is usually not known.

         A number of lease agreements, particularly for real estate properties, contain extension and termination
   options. When determining agreement terms, all facts and circumstances are taken into account that offer a
   financial incentive to exercise the extension option or not to exercise the termination option. The changes in the
   term of a lease due to the exercise or non-exercise of such options are only taken into account for the agreement
   term if they are sufficiently certain.

         The lease liability is recognised as a separate line item on the consolidated balance sheet.




                                                   – II-128 –
APPENDIX II                         FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

          The right-of-use assets comprise the respective lease liability as part of initial valuation. Lease instalments
   that are paid before or at the beginning of the lease are added. Lease incentives received from the lessor are
   deducted and initial direct costs are included. If dismantling obligations exist with regard to the leased assets,
   they are included in the valuation of the right-of-use assets. The subsequent valuation of the right-of-use assets is
   at acquisition cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses.

         The right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the term of the lease. If the useful life of the asset
   underlying the lease is shorter, this limits the depreciation period accordingly. Depreciation starts with the
   commencement of the lease.

          As part of the practical expedient, IFRS 16 permits dispensing with a separation between non-lease
   components and lease components. With regard to land and buildings, PUMA generally does not apply the
   practical expedient, meaning that the right-of-use assets relating to land and buildings only contain leasing
   components. With regard to other right-of-use assets (comprising technical equipment & machines and motor
   vehicles), the practical expedient is generally applied, the result of which is that the leasing components and
   non-leasing components are both recognised.

         The right-of-use assets are recognised as a separate line item in the consolidated balance sheet.

          The right-of-use assets are subject to the impairment regulations pursuant to IAS 36. As a general rule, the
   right-of-use assets are tested for impairment (impairment test) if there is any indication that the value of the
   asset could be impaired. The right-of-use assets, in particular in connection with the Group’s own retail stores,
   are subjected to an impairment test if there are indicators or changes in planning assumptions that suggest that
   the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. To this end, a triggering event test of all retail stores,
   each of which is a separate cash-generating unit, is carried out after preparation of the annual budget planning or
   on an ad-hoc basis.

          For the purposes of the triggering event test, the recoverable amount of the respective retail stores is
   determined as a value in use using a simplified discounted cash flow method, taking partial account of cash
   flows attributable to other cash-generating units. The value in use is determined on the basis of the planned cash
   flows for the retail stores according to the budget, which is prepared on a bottom-up basis and approved by
   management. The forecast period is derived from the expected useful lives of the respective retail store and is
   reviewed annually. Following the bottom-up budget, revenue and cost developments are used as a basis for the
   remaining useful life, the growth rate of which is based on expected nominal retail growth. Growth rates in the
   single-digit percentage range are expected for all retail stores over the three-year detailed planning period. In
   calculating the value in use of retail stores, cash flows in non-inflationary countries were measured at a weighted
   cost of capital rate of between 8.1% and 33.0% (previous year: between 8.8% and 38.0%) and the cash flows of
   retail stores in the two hyperinflation countries with a weighted cost of capital between 35.8% and 54.4%
   (previous year: between 31.2% and 145.0%). This was based on a risk-free interest rate on equivalent term
   structures of 2.6% (previous year: 3.1%) and a market risk premium of 6.8% (previous year: 7.0%).

          If, in the triggering event test, the carrying amount of the retail store assets exceeds the simplified value in
   use, the recoverable amount of this cash-generating unit is calculated with the discounted cash flow method
   using the above cost of capital rates. This is based on the individual planning of cash flows for the retail store.
   In some exceptional cases, the recoverable amount corresponds to a higher fair value less costs to sell, assuming
   alternative subletting, which is determined according to Level 3 of IFRS 13 “Fair value measurement”. If an
   impairment arises, the right-of-use asset is impaired first.

         If there are indications that retail stores for which impairment has been recorded in the past have been able
   to achieve a turnaround or that their fair value has increased and that their right-of-use assets are therefore
   recoverable, the impairment is reversed up to a maximum of the amount of amortised costs.

         If there is an impairment loss or a reversal of an impairment loss, this is allocated to the central area in
   the segment reporting under IFRS 8. However, the impaired assets are reported in the relevant operating
   segments.




                                                    – II-129 –
APPENDIX II                         FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

   PUMA AS LESSOR

          If PUMA acts as a lessor, it is determined at the beginning of the lease whether it is a finance lease or an
   operating lease. In order to classify the lease agreement, PUMA makes an overall assessment of whether the
   lease essentially transfers all the risks and benefits associated with ownership of the underlying asset. If this is
   the case, it is classified as a finance lease. If not, it is classed as an operating lease. Various indicators are taken
   into account as part of this assessment, such as whether the lease agreement is for the majority of the economic
   useful life of the underlying asset. At our discretion, the leases in which PUMA acts as an intermediate lessor are
   in most cases finance leases, as subletting always covers most of the term of the main lease. If PUMA acts as an
   interim lessor, the shares in the main lease contract and the sub-lease contract are accounted for separately.

          In the case of finance leases, a net investment (receivable) equal to the discounted future rental payments
   to be received is recognised in the balance sheet and reported under other assets (without inclusion in working
   capital). The incremental borrowing rate is used to determine the discount rate, as the interest rate underlying the
   lease is generally unknown. Interest income from finance leases is reported in cash flow from investing
   activities.

          If the lease is classified as an operating lease, the lease payments are immediately recognised in profit or
   loss as rental income.

   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

         Cash and cash equivalents include cash and bank balances. This also includes free cash and cash
   equivalents that are invested as a fixed-term deposit with a term of up to three months. The total amount of cash
   and cash equivalents is consistent with the cash and cash equivalents stated in the cash flow statement.

          Cash and cash equivalents are measured at amortised cost. They are subject to the impairment
   requirements in accordance with IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments”. PUMA monitors the credit risk of these
   financial instruments taking into account the economic situation, external credit rating and/or premiums for
   credit default swaps (CDS) of other financial institutions. The credit risk from cash and cash equivalents is
   classified as immaterial, due to the relatively short terms and the investment-grade credit rating of the
   counterparties, which signals a low probability of default for the financial instruments.

   INVENTORIES

         The Group procures inventories primarily from third parties and these are reported as goods within
   inventories. To a small extent, footwear and golf clubs are produced in-house, which are reported as finished
   goods together with the goods within the inventories.

         Inventories are measured at acquisition or manufacturing cost or at the lower net realisable values derived
   from the selling price at the balance sheet date. The acquisition cost of merchandise is determined using an
   averaging method. Value adjustments are adequately recorded, depending on age, seasonality and realisable
   market prices.

   TRADE RECEIVABLES

         Trade receivables are initially measured at the transaction price and subsequently at amortised cost with
   deduction of value adjustments, in the form of a provision for risks.

          When determining the provision for risks for trade receivables, PUMA uniformly applies the simplified
   method in order to determine the expected credit losses over the remaining lifetime of the trade receivables
   (called “lifetime expected credit losses”) in accordance with the provisions of IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments”.
   For this, trade receivables are classified by geographic region into suitable groups with shared credit risk
   characteristics. The expected credit losses are calculated using a matrix that presents the age structure of the
   receivables and depicts a likelihood of default for the individual maturity bands of the receivables on the basis of
   historic credit default events and future-based factors. The percentage rates for the probabilities of default are
   checked regularly to ensure they are up to date. If objective indications of a credit impairment are found




                                                     – II-130 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

   regarding the trade receivables of a certain customer, a detailed analysis of this customer’s specific credit risk is
   conducted and an individual provision for risks is established for the trade receivables with respect to this
   customer. If credit insurance is in place, it is taken into account when determining the amount of the risk
   provision.

         The Group assumes that the default risk of a financial asset has increased significantly if it is more than
   30 days overdue.

   OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS

         Other financial assets are classified based on the business model for control and the cash flows of the
   financial assets. In the Group, financial assets are generally held under a business model that provides for
   “holding” the asset until maturity, in order to collect the contractual cash flows. The second condition is that the
   terms and conditions of the financial asset result in cash flows at specified times, which exclusively represent
   repayments and interest payments on the outstanding nominal amount.

          The “trading” business model is used for financial assets in the form of derivatives without a hedging
   relationship. These are valued at fair value through profit or loss (FVPL).

          Non-current financial assets include rental deposits and other assets. Non-interest-bearing non-current
   assets are discounted to the present value if the resulting effect is significant.

   INVESTMENTS

          The investment recognised under non-current financial assets belongs to the category measured at “fair
   value through other comprehensive income” (FVOCI), since these investments are held over the long term for
   strategic reasons.

         All purchases and disposals of investments are recorded on the settlement date. Investments are initially
   recognised at fair value plus transaction costs. They are also recognised at fair value in subsequent periods.
   Unrealised gains and losses are recognised in other comprehensive income, taking into account deferred taxes.
   The gain or loss on disposal of investments is transferred to retained earnings.

         The category measured at “fair value through profit or loss” (FVPL) is not used with regard to
   investments.

   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

          Property, plant and equipment are measured at acquisition cost, net of accumulated depreciation. The
   depreciation period depends on the expected useful life of the respective item. The straight-line method of
   depreciation is applied. The useful life depends on the type of the assets involved. Buildings are subject to a
   useful life of between ten and fifty years, and a useful life of between three to ten years is assumed for movable
   assets.

         Repair and maintenance costs are recorded as an expense as of the date on which they were incurred.
   Substantial improvements and upgrades are capitalised to the extent that the criteria for recognition of an asset
   item apply.

   INVESTMENT PROPERTY

         Investment property is accounted for in the same way as property, plant and equipment in accordance with
   the cost model, with their acquisition or production costs less scheduled depreciation and any necessary
   impairment losses. Depreciation is carried out on a straight-line basis and the useful lives are generally
   equivalent to those of property, plant and equipment used in-house.




                                                   – II-131 –
APPENDIX II                         FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

   OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (NOT INCLUDING GOODWILL)

         Acquired intangible assets largely consist of concessions, intellectual property rights and similar rights.
   These are measured at acquisition cost, net of accumulated amortisation. The useful life of intangible assets is
   between three and ten years. Scheduled depreciation is done on a straight-line basis.

          There are also trademark rights acquired for a fee in relation to Cobra Golf. Cobra Golf, founded in 1978,
   has a brand history spanning over 40 years in golf. The Cobra brand represents the core of the Golf business area
   and is continued through ongoing marketing investments by the PUMA Group in the Cobra brand. Due to the
   stability of the golf market and the continuation of the brand by PUMA, an indefinite useful life is assumed for
   the Cobra brand.

   IMPAIRMENT OF ASSETS

          Intangible assets with an indefinite useful life are not amortised according to schedule but are subjected to
   an annual impairment test. Property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, and other intangible assets with
   finite useful lives are tested for impairment if there is any indication of impairment in the value of the asset
   concerned. In order to determine whether there is a requirement to record the impairment of an asset, the
   recoverable amount of the respective asset (the higher amount of the fair value less costs to sell and value in
   use) is compared with the carrying amount of the asset. If the recoverable amount is lower than the carrying
   amount, the difference is recorded as an impairment loss. The test for impairment is performed, if possible, at the
   level of the respective individual asset, otherwise at the level of the cash-generating unit. Goodwill, on the other
   hand, is tested for impairment only at the level of a group of cash-generating units. If it is determined within the
   scope of the impairment test that an asset needs to be impaired, then the goodwill, if any, of the group of
   cash-generating units is written down initially and, in a second step, the remaining amount is distributed
   proportionately over the remaining assets within the application scope of IAS 36. If the reason for the recorded
   impairment no longer applies, a reversal of impairment loss is recorded to the maximum amount of the amortised
   costs. There is no reversal of an impairment loss for goodwill.

          The recoverable amount is primarily calculated using the discounted cash flow method. For determining
   the fair value less costs to sell and value in use, the expected cash flows are based on corporate planning data.
   Expected cash flows are discounted using an interest rate in line with market conditions. As part of the fair value
   determination less cost to sell, no special synergies of cash-generating units are taken into account, and corporate
   planning data is adjusted to the assumptions of market participants, if required. Moreover, there is a difference
   between the fair value less costs to sell and the value in use because the costs to sell are also taken into account.

          Trademarks with an indefinite useful life are subjected to an impairment test based on the relief from
   royalty-method during the financial year or when the occasion arises. If there is evidence that the underlying
   Cobra business is insufficiently profitable, the trademark is not only valued individually using the
   relief-from-royalty method, but the recoverable amount of the cash-generating units to which the trademark is
   attributable is determined.

           See Chapter 11 for further details, in particular regarding the assumptions used for the calculation.

   BORROWINGS, OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AND OTHER LIABILITIES

         In general, these items are recognised at fair value, taking into account transaction costs, and subsequently
   recognised at amortised cost. Non-interest or low-interest-bearing liabilities with a term of at least one year are
   recognised at present value, taking into account an interest rate in line with market conditions, and are
   compounded until their maturity at their repayment amount.

          The “trading” business model is used for financial liabilities in the form of derivatives without a hedge
   relationship. These are valued at fair value through profit or loss (FVPL).

           Current borrowings also include those long-term loans that have a maximum residual term of up to one
   year.




                                                    – II-132 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

   PROVISIONS FOR PENSIONS AND SIMILAR OBLIGATIONS

          In addition to defined benefit plans, some companies apply defined contribution plans, which do not result
   in any additional pension commitment other than the current contributions. The pension provision under defined
   benefit plans is generally calculated using the projected unit credit method. This method takes into account not
   only known pension benefits and pension rights accrued as of the reporting date, but also expected future salary
   and pension increases. The defined benefit obligation (DBO) is calculated by discounting expected future cash
   outflows at the rate of return on senior, fixed-rate corporate bonds. The currencies and maturity periods of the
   underlying corporate bonds are consistent with the currencies and maturity periods of the obligations to be
   satisfied. In some of the plans, the obligation is accompanied by a plan asset. In that case, the pension provision
   shown is reduced by the plan asset.

         Details regarding the assumed life expectancy, the mortality tables used and other assumptions are shown
   in Chapter 15.

   OTHER PROVISIONS

          Provisions for the expected expenses from warranty obligations pursuant to the respective national sales
   contract laws are recognised at the time of sale of the relevant products, according to the best estimate in
   relation to the expenditure needed in order to fulfil the Group’s obligation.

         Provisions are also made to account for onerous contracts. An onerous contract is assumed to exist where
   the unavoidable costs for fulfilling the contract exceed the economic benefit arising from this contract.

   MANAGEMENT INCENTIVE PROGRAMMES

          PUMA uses cash-settled share-based payments, share-based payments settled in cash or equities, and key
   performance indicator-based long-term incentive programmes. The share-based payments settled in cash or
   equities are accounted for in the same way as cash-settled share-based payments.

         Detailed information on the management incentive programmes is presented in Chapter 18.

   RECOGNITION OF SALES

          The Group recognises sales from the sale of sporting goods. The sales are measured at fair value of the
   consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled from the contract with customers, taking into account
   returns, discounts and rebates. Amounts collected on behalf of third parties (such as VAT) are not included in
   sales. The Group records sales at the time when PUMA fulfils its performance obligation to customers and has
   transferred the right of disposal over the product to customers.

          The Group sells footwear, apparel and accessories both to wholesalers and directly to customers through
   its own retail activities and online sales channels. Meanwhile, the sales-related warranty services cannot be
   purchased separately and do not lead to services that go beyond the assurance of the specifications at the time of
   the transfer of risk. Accordingly, the Group records warranties in the balance sheet in accordance with IAS 37
   “Provisions, contingent liabilities and contingent assets”.

          In the case of sales of products to wholesalers, the sales revenue is recorded at the date on which the right
   of disposal over the products is transferred to customers, in other words, when the products have been shipped to
   the specific location of the wholesaler (delivery). After delivery, the wholesaler bears the inventory risk and has
   full right of disposal over the manner and means of distribution and the selling price of the products. In the case
   of sales to end customers in the Group’s own retail stores, the sales are recorded at the date when the right of
   disposal over the products is transferred to the end customer, in other words, the date on which the end customer
   buys the products in the retail store. The payment of the purchase price is due as soon as the customers purchase
   the products. In the case of sales of goods through our own online sales channels, sales are realised when the end
   customers have accepted the goods and the power of disposal over the goods has been passed to the end
   customer. The payment terms applied correspond to the standard industry payment terms for each country.




                                                   – II-133 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

         Under certain conditions and according to the contractual stipulations, customers have the option to
   exchange products or return them for a credit. The amount of the expected returns is estimated on the basis of
   past experience and is deducted from sales in the form of a liability based on refund obligations. The asset value
   of the right arising from the product return claim is recorded under inventories and leads to a corresponding
   reduction of cost of sales.

   ROYALTY AND COMMISSION INCOME

          The Group recognises license and commission income from the out-licensing of trademark rights to third
   parties in accordance with IFRS 15 Revenue from contracts with customers. Income from royalties is recognised
   in the income statement in accordance with the invoices to be submitted by the licensees. In certain cases, values
   must be estimated in order to permit accounting on an accrual basis. Commission income is invoiced if the
   underlying purchase transaction is classified as realised.

   ADVERTISING AND PROMOTIONAL EXPENSES

          Advertising expenses are recognised in the income statement at the time they are incurred. In general,
   promotional expenses stretching over several years are recognised as an expense over the contractual term on an
   accrual basis. Any expenditure surplus exceeding the economic benefit that results from this allocation of
   expenses after the balance sheet date is recognised in the financial statements in the form of an impairment of
   assets and, if necessary, a provision for anticipated losses. If promotional and advertising contracts provide for
   additional payments when predefined targets are achieved (e.g. medals, championships), which cannot be
   predicted exactly in terms of time and amount, they are recognised in full in profit or loss at the relevant date.

   FINANCIAL RESULT

          The financial result includes interest income from financial investments and interest expenses from loans,
   along with interest income and expenses in connection with derivative financial instruments. The financial result
   also includes interest expenses from lease liabilities as well as discounted, non-current liabilities associated with
   acquisitions and those arising from the valuation of pension commitments, in addition to interest income from
   finance leases.

         Exchange rate effects that can be directly allocated to an underlying transaction are shown in the
   respective income statement item.

   INCOME TAXES

         Current income taxes are determined in accordance with the tax regulations of the respective countries
   where the individual Group companies conduct their operations.

           PUMA management regularly assesses individual tax issues to determine whether there is scope for
   interpretation in view of existing tax regulations. If appropriate, these issues are taken into account in income tax
   liabilities or deferred taxes. The income tax assessment is generally carried out at the level of the individual
   case, taking into account any possible interactions. Appropriate balance sheet provisions have been made for
   potential risks from uncertain tax positions, taking into account IFRIC 23.

   DEFERRED TAXES

           Deferred taxes resulting from temporary valuation differences between the IFRS and tax balance sheets of
   individual Group companies and from consolidation procedures, which are levied by the same taxation authority
   and can be netted, are charged to each taxable entity and recognised either as deferred tax assets or deferred tax
   liabilities.

           Deferred tax assets may also include claims for tax reductions that result from the expected utilisation of
   existing losses carried forward to subsequent years and which is likely to materialise. Deferred tax assets or
   liabilities may also result from accounting treatments that do not affect the income statement.




                                                   – II-134 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

         Deferred tax assets are recognised only to the extent that the respective tax advantage is likely to
   materialise.

   ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY

           The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires some assumptions and estimates that have
   an impact on the measurement and presentation of the recognised assets and liabilities, income and expenses, and
   contingent liabilities. The assumptions and estimates are based on premises, which in turn are based on currently
   available information. In individual cases, the actual values may deviate from the assumptions and estimates
   made. Consequently, future periods involve a risk of adjustment to the carrying amount of the assets and
   liabilities concerned. If the actual development differs from the expectation, the premises and, if necessary, the
   carrying amounts of the relevant assets and liabilities are adjusted with an effect on profit or loss.

         All assumptions and estimates are continuously reassessed. They are based on historical experiences and
   other factors, including expectations regarding future global and industry-related trends that appear reasonable
   under the current circumstances. Assumptions and estimates mainly relate to the valuation of goodwill and
   trademarks, inventories, liabilities from refund obligations, taxes and leases in which PUMA is the lessee. The
   most significant forward-looking assumptions and sources of estimation and uncertainty as of the reporting date
   concerning the above-mentioned items are discussed below.

   Goodwill and brands

          A review of the impairment of goodwill is based on the calculation of the value in use as a leading
   valuation concept. In order to calculate the value in use, the Group must estimate the future cash flows from
   those cash-generating units to which the goodwill is allocated. To this end, the data used were from the
   three-year plan, which is based on forecasts of the overall economic development and the resulting
   industry-specific consumer behaviour. Another key assumption concerns the determination of an appropriate
   interest rate for discounting the cash flow to the present value (discounted cash flow method). The
   relief-from-royalty method is used to value brands. See Chapter 11 for further details, in particular regarding the
   assumptions used for the calculation.

   Inventories

         Inventories are measured at acquisition or manufacturing cost or at the lower net realisable values derived
   from the selling price at the balance sheet date. Value adjustments are adequately recorded, depending on age,
   seasonality and realisable market prices. Further details on the inventory valuation are provided in Chapter 4.

   Liabilities from refund obligations

         The Group recognises sales from the sale of sporting goods. The sales are measured at fair value of the
   consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled from the contract with customers, taking into account
   returns, discounts and rebates. As customers have the opportunity to exchange goods under certain conditions and
   in accordance with the contractual agreements, the amount of expected return deliveries is estimated on the basis
   of experience. The accrual of sales takes place via the liability from refund obligations.

   Taxes

          Tax items are determined taking into account the various prevailing local tax laws and the relevant
   administrative opinions and, due to their complexity, may be subject to different interpretations by persons
   subject to tax on the one hand and the tax authorities on the other hand. Differing interpretations of tax laws may
   result in subsequent tax payments for past years; these are included based on the assessment of the management,
   using the most probable amount or the expected value for the individual case.

         The recognition of deferred taxes requires that estimates and assumptions be made concerning future tax
   planning strategies as well as expected dates of occurrence and the amount of future taxable income. The taxable
   income from the relevant corporate planning is derived for this assessment. It takes into account the past
   financial position and the business development expected in the future. Deferred tax assets are recorded in the




                                                  – II-135 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

   event of companies incurring a loss only if it is highly probable that future positive results will be achieved. See
   Chapter 8 for further information.

   PUMA as lessee

         The measurement of lease liabilities under leases in which PUMA is the lessee is based on assumptions for
   the discount rates used, the lease term and the determination of fixed lease payments. To determine the present
   value of future minimum lease payments, PUMA uses country- and currency-specific interest rates on borrowings
   with compatible terms. The fixed lease payments also include firmly agreed upon minimum amounts for
   agreements with a predominantly variable lease amount.

          Significant assumptions are made in the subsequent valuation of rights of use for retail stores in the
   context of assessing the existence of an impairment and determining the impairment requirement. Among other
   things, assumptions are made about the duration of the lease, the future economic development and profitability
   of the retail stores, and also the underlying interest rate. See Chapter 10 for further information.

   DISCRETIONARY DECISIONS

          The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires discretionary decisions relating to the
   application of accounting methods and the amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses reported.
   Information on the application of accounting policies that have the most material impact on the amounts recorded
   in the financial statements can be found in the following notes:

         Evaluation of the control of companies with non-controlling interests

               The determination as to whether the Group controls the companies with non-controlling interests is
         presented in Chapter 28, Information on non-controlling interests.

         PUMA as lessee

                The accounting for leases in which PUMA is the lessee includes discretionary decisions, in
         particular in relation to the term of the lease agreements with regard to determining whether the exercise
         of extension options is sufficiently certain. In addition to the basic lease period, the Group includes
         extension options in the determination of the lease term if management is sufficiently certain that such
         options will be exercised after taking into account all facts and circumstances.

                Some real estate leases contain extension options that can only be exercised by PUMA and not by
         the lessor. If possible, the Group seeks to include extension options when concluding new leases in order
         to ensure operational flexibility. On the date of provision, the Group assesses whether it is sufficiently
         certain that the extension options will be exercised. The assessment is carried out individually for each
         contract and takes into account the amount of the company’s own investments and the possibility of
         changing macroeconomic conditions in the future. If significant events or significant changes occur during
         the term of the contract that are within PUMA’s control, it will be reassessed as to whether it is
         sufficiently certain that the extension option will be exercised.




                                                   – II-136 –
APPENDIX II                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

3.    CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

      As of 31 December 2024, the Group has €368.2 million (previous year: €552.9 million) in cash and cash
equivalents. This includes bank balances, including short-term financial investments with an original term of up to
three months. The average effective interest rate of financial investments was 1.8% (previous year: 1.1%) for countries
without hyperinflation. In countries with hyperinflation, the average effective interest rate of financial investments was
62.4% (previous year: 40.9%). There are no cash and cash equivalents subject to transfer restrictions in the current year
(previous year: €45.6 million).

4.    INVENTORIES

      Inventories are allocated to the following main groups:

      T.11 INVENTORIES (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                              2024                   2023

      Goods/inventory and finished goods
        Footwear                                                                             672.4                  625.9
        Apparel                                                                              473.2                  420.8
      Accessories/Others                                                                     211.2                  216.0
      Raw materials, consumables and supplies                                                 34.5                   34.9
      Prepayments made                                                                         0.3                    2.9
      Goods in transit                                                                       576.0                  458.7
      Inventory adjustments related to returns                                                46.1                   45.2


      Total                                                                                2,013.7                1,804.4


      The raw materials, consumables and supplies mainly relate to raw materials for the production of golf clubs and
footwear.

      The table shows the carrying amounts of the inventories net of value adjustments. Of the value adjustments in
the amount of €111.4 million (previous year: €157.1 million) approx. 67.2% in financial year 2024 (previous year:
approx. 64.3%) were recognised in profit or loss in cost of sales.

      The volume of inventories recorded as an expense during the period mainly includes the cost of sales shown in
the consolidated income statement.

      The inventory adjustments related to returns represents the historical acquisition or production costs of the
inventories for which a return is expected.




                                                      – II-137 –
APPENDIX II                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

5.    TRADE RECEIVABLES

      The trade receivables are broken down as follows:

      T.12 TRADE RECEIVABLES (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                              2024                 2023

      Trade receivables, gross                                                            1,308.5               1,183.4
      Less provision for risks                                                              -61.9                 -65.0


      Trade receivables, net                                                              1,246.5               1,118.4


       The change in the provision for risks for financial assets in the “trade receivables” class measured at amortised
cost relates to receivables in connection with revenues from contracts with customers and has developed as follows:

      T.13 CHANGE OF RISK PROVISIONS FOR TRADE RECEIVABLES (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                              2024                 2023

      Status of provision for risks as of 1 January                                            65.0                57.9
      Exchange rate differences                                                                -0.6                -1.6
      Additions                                                                                15.0                26.7
      Utilisation                                                                              -4.3                -3.8
      Reversals of unused provision for risks                                                 -13.1               -14.3


      Status of provision for risks as of 31 December                                         61.9                 65.0


      The age structure of the trade receivables is as follows:

      T.14 AGE STRUCTURE 2024 (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                       Overdue
                                                                                                      90–180   Over 180
      2024                                 Total       Not due     0–30 days   31–90 days               days       days

      Trade receivables, gross           1,308.5        1,053.2         84.5           79.6             28.6       62.6
      Provision for risks                  -61.9          -16.2         -2.3           -3.8             -3.5      -36.2


      Trade receivables, net             1,246.5        1,037.0         82.2           75.9             25.0       26.4


      Expected loss rate                                  1.5%          2.7%          4.7%            12.4%      57.8%




                                                      – II-138 –
APPENDIX II                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      T.15 AGE STRUCTURE 2023 (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                        Overdue
                                                                                                      90–180   Over 180
      2023                                 Total       Not due      0–30 days   31–90 days              days       days

      Trade receivables, gross           1,183.4          952.3          92.4          83.4             14.1        41.4
      Provision for risks                  -65.0          -16.4          -4.0          -8.2             -4.5       -31.9


      Trade receivables, net             1,118.4          935.8          88.4          75.2              9.6         9.5


      Expected loss rate                                  1.7%          4.3%           9.8%           32.0%       77.1%

      With respect to the net carrying amounts of trade receivables, PUMA assumes that the debtors will satisfy their
payment obligations or that, in the event of a default, the net carrying amount will be covered by existing credit
insurance. There are no significant risk concentrations as the customer base is very broad and there are no correlations.

       Trade receivables are derecognised when, in the context of factoring agreements, essentially all risks and
opportunities relating to these receivables have been transferred to a third party. As of 31 December 2024, receivables
in the amount of €269.7 million (previous year: €141.7 million) were derecognised as a result of factoring agreements.
The cash flows are categorised as cash inflow from operating activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows.

6.    OTHER CURRENT FINANCIAL ASSETS

      Other current financial assets are broken down as follows:

      T.16 OTHER CURRENT FINANCIAL ASSETS (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                              2024                  2023

      Fair value of derivative financial instruments                                          147.1                 34.5
      Lease receivables                                                                        12.4                 14.9
      Remaining financial assets                                                              168.8                 45.6


      Total                                                                                   328.3                 94.9


      The amount shown is due within one year. The fair value corresponds to the carrying amount.

7.    OTHER CURRENT ASSETS

      Other current assets are broken down as follows:

      T.17 OTHER CURRENT ASSETS (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                              2024                  2023

      Prepaid expense relating to the subsequent period                                       102.1                 98.3
      Other receivables                                                                       158.7                172.1


      Total                                                                                   260.9                270.4


      The amount shown is due within one year. The fair value corresponds to the carrying amount.




                                                       – II-139 –
APPENDIX II                              FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      Other receivables mainly comprise receivables relating to VAT of €100.0 million (previous year: €98.9 million)
and other taxes of €35.3 million (previous year: €25.6 million).

8.    DEFERRED TAXES

      Deferred taxes relate to the items shown below:

      T.18 DEFERRED TAXES (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                              2024                   2023

      Tax loss carry-forwards                                                                 56.3                   76.9
      Inventories                                                                             62.0                   74.5
      Remaining current assets                                                                12.8                   13.5
      Non-current assets                                                                      48.4                   56.3
      Lease liabilities (current and non-current)                                            286.9                  290.8
      Provisions and other liabilities                                                       124.4                  118.1


      Deferred tax assets (before netting)                                                   590.7                  630.1


      Current assets                                                                          47.3                   17.4
      Intangible assets                                                                       41.7                   42.1
      Right-of-use assets                                                                    243.5                  258.2
      Remaining non-current assets                                                            26.9                   24.6
      Provisions and other liabilities                                                         1.8                    4.1


      Deferred tax liabilities (before netting)                                              361.2                  346.4


      Deferred tax assets, net                                                               229.5                  283.7


      As of 31 December 2024, tax losses carried forward amounted to a total of €417.2 million (previous year:
€447.9 million). Deferred tax assets were recognised for these items in the amount at which the associated tax
advantages are likely to be realised in the form of future profits for income tax purposes. In financial year 2024, no
deferred tax items were recognised for the losses carried forward in the amount of €143.6 million (previous year:
€102.9 million), of which €136.4 million (previous year: €94.5 million) are vested. The remaining tax losses carried
forward, for which no deferred tax items were recognised, in the amount of €7.2 million (previous year: €8.3 million)
will expire within the next six years.

      In addition, no deferred tax items were recognised for temporary differences in the amount of €20.7 million
(previous year: €27.0 million) because they were not expected to be realised as of the balance sheet date.

       For Group companies that achieved a negative tax result in this or the previous financial year, a total of deferred
tax assets in the amount of €190.5 million were recognised after deduction of any deferred tax liabilities (previous
year: €157.1 million) as sufficiently positive tax results can be expected in the future on the basis of the relevant
projections. Of this amount, €56.3 million is attributable to the sales units in the USA. The approach was based on a
projection that deviates from the general corporate planning and completely disregards potential future business
opportunities and market share gains. A further share of €15.5 million is attributable to the United Kingdom
distribution unit. The assumption of sufficient future positive tax profits is based on the expectation of higher sales
volumes (supported by the current order book) and the initiation of a range of measures aimed at optimising costs.

      No deferred taxes on retained profits at subsidiaries were recognised where these gains are to be reinvested on an
ongoing basis and there is no intention to make a distribution in this respect.




                                                      – II-140 –
APPENDIX II                         FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

     Deferred tax assets and liabilities are netted if they relate to a taxable entity and can in fact be netted.
Accordingly, they are shown in the balance sheet as follows:

     T.19 DEFERRED TAX ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                       2024                 2023

     Deferred tax assets                                                              243.6                296.1
     Deferred tax liabilities                                                          14.2                 12.4


     Deferred tax assets, net                                                         229.5                283.7


     The changes in deferred tax assets (net) were as follows:

     T.20 MOVEMENT OF DEFERRED TAXES (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                       2024                 2023

     Deferred tax assets, net as of 1 January                                         283.7                253.1
     Recognition in the consolidated income statement                                 -15.0                 22.8
     Adjustment related to remeasurements of the net defined benefit
       liability, recognised in other comprehensive income                               0.7                  0.2
     Adjustment related to the cash flow hedge reserve, recognised in
       other comprehensive income                                                      -35.0                10.1
     Adjustment related to the reserve for hedging costs – options,
       recognised in other comprehensive income                                         -0.2                  0.0
     Adjustment related to the reserve for hedging costs - forward
       contracts, recognised in other comprehensive income                               1.3                  0.0
     Currency exchange effects                                                          -6.2                 -2.5


     Deferred tax assets, net as of 31 December                                       229.5                283.7




                                                   – II-141 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

9.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

     The development of property, plant and equipment is shown in the following tables:

     T.21 MOVEMENTS OF PROPERTY, PLANT & EQUIPMENT 2024 (IN € MILLION)

                                                          Technical           Other
                                                         equipment      equipment,
                                                               and    furniture and    Assets under
                                       Real estate        machines           fixture   construction            Total

     Purchase costs as of
       1 January 2024                        189.5           222.5            753.2            94.8       1,260.0
     Additions*                                2.5            30.4            112.8            40.3         185.9
     Disposals                                -3.3            -3.9            -64.9            -2.2         -74.3
     Transfers                                 9.4            56.9             23.7           -94.6          -4.7
     Currency changes                         22.5            10.0             17.8             3.4          53.7


     As of 31 December 2024                  220.6           315.9            842.6            41.7       1,420.7


     Accumulated depreciation as
       of 1 January 2024                     -56.0            -49.7          -468.7            -0.0           -574.4
     Depreciation                             -6.5            -17.9           -97.8             0.0           -122.3
     Disposals                                 1.9              3.4            61.1             0.0             66.4
     Transfers                                 0.0             -0.3             0.4             0.0              0.1
     Impairment losses                        -8.8              0.0            -0.6             0.0             -9.4
     Currency changes                         -0.9             -4.5           -10.0             0.0            -15.3


     As of 31 December 2024                  -70.4            -69.0          -515.6             0.0           -655.0


     Net carrying amount as of
      31 December 2024                       150.2           246.9            326.9            41.7           765.7


     *     This information is part of PUMA’s 2024 Sustainability Declaration in accordance with ESRS E1-3.




                                                     – II-142 –
APPENDIX II                            FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      T.22 MOVEMENTS OF PROPERTY, PLANT & EQUIPMENT 2023 (IN € MILLION)

                                                              Technical           Other
                                                             equipment      equipment,
                                                                   and    furniture and     Assets under
                                           Real estate        machines           fixture    construction             Total

      Purchase costs as of
        1 January 2023                           175.2            170.8            706.3             75.1          1,127.4
      Additions*                                  23.9             16.6            118.4             66.5            225.4
      Disposals                                   -4.8             -0.4            -41.0             -2.8            -49.0
      Transfers                                    0.1             39.7              2.2            -42.3             -0.4
      Currency changes                            -5.0             -4.1            -32.6             -1.8            -43.4


      As of 31 December 2023                     189.5            222.5            753.2             94.8          1,260.0


      Accumulated depreciation
        as of 1 January 2023                     -54.5            -37.3           -443.2             -0.1           -535.2
      Depreciation                                -6.2            -15.0            -84.4              0.0           -105.7
      Disposals                                    3.5              0.4             38.6              0.0             42.5
      Transfers                                    0.0             -0.3             -0.0              0.0             -0.3
      Currency changes                             1.2              2.5             20.3              0.1             24.2


      As of 31 December 2023                     -56.0            -49.7           -468.7             -0.0           -574.4


      Net carrying amount as of
       31 December 2023                          133.5            172.8            284.6             94.8            685.6


      *     This information is part of PUMA’s 2024 Sustainability Declaration in accordance with ESRS E1-3.

      Investment properties have a carrying amount of €27.7 million as of 31 December 2024 (previous year: €21.1
million) and are reported as real estate under property, plant and equipment. The fair value of investment properties as
of 31 December 2024 is €20.9 million (previous year: €23.3 million). This was determined by external, independent
experts who have relevant professional qualifications and current experience with the location and type of properties to
be valued. The fair value was determined on the basis of the market-comparative approach, which reflects the most
recent transaction prices for similar properties. In the current financial year, impairment losses of 8.8 million (previous
year: €0.0 million) were recognised in financial expenses for investment properties. The affected asset is reported in
the segment reporting in the Latin America region. The calculation was based on the value in use, taking into account a
cost of capital rate of 3.8%.

       The rental income generated by the Group from investment properties amounted to €1.4 million in the financial
year (previous year: €0.6 million). Direct operating expenses for investment properties, which generated rental income
in the financial year, amounted to €0.0 million (previous year: €0.0 million).




                                                         – II-143 –
APPENDIX II                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

10.   LEASES

      PUMA AS LESSEE

             The Group rents and leases offices, warehouses, facilities, technical equipment and machinery, motor
      vehicles and sales rooms for its own retail business. As a rule, the lease agreements have a term of between one
      and fifteen years. Some agreements include renewal options and price adjustment clauses.

            The carrying amounts for right-of-use assets recognised in the balance sheet relate to the following asset
      classes:

            T.23 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS 2024 (IN € MILLION)

                                                                        Real estate –
                                                      Real estate –    warehouses &
                                                       retail stores          offices        Others             Total

            Depreciation                                      117.4             87.9           13.5             218.7
            Additions*                                        147.6             67.5           11.9             227.0
            Net carrying amount as of
             31 December 2024                                 528.9            522.5           65.4           1,116.8

            T.24 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS 2023 (IN € MILLION)

                                                                        Real estate –
                                                      Real estate –    warehouses &
                                                       retail stores          offices        Others             Total

            Depreciation                                      107.1             89.7           12.2             209.0
            Additions*                                        174.1             71.9           14.3             260.3
            Net carrying amount as of
             31 December 2023                                 464.2            557.7           65.7           1,087.7

            *       This information is part of PUMA’s 2024 Sustainability Declaration in accordance with ESRS E1-3.

            The item “Others” includes technical equipment and machinery, as well as motor vehicles.

            The following lease liabilities result:

            T.25 LEASE LIABILITIES (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                           2024                  2023

            Current lease liabilities                                                     220.6                 212.4
            Non-current lease liabilities                                               1,010.0               1,020.0


            Total                                                                       1,230.6               1,232.4




                                                       – II-144 –
APPENDIX II                       FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

         The amounts recognised in the consolidated income statement are as follows:

         T.26 RECOGNISED IN INCOME STATEMENT (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                         2024                   2023

         Depreciation of right-of-use assets incl. impairment losses and
           reversal of impairment losses (included in operating
           expenses)                                                                     196.6                 202.8
         Interest expenses (included in financial expenses)                               51.1                  46.8
         Expenses for short-term leases (included in operating
           expenses)                                                                      10.0                  11.3
         Expenses for leases of low-value assets (included in operating
           expenses)                                                                       1.0                   1.2
         Expenses for variable lease payments (included in operating
           expenses)                                                                      36.6                  35.4


         Total                                                                           295.3                 297.5


          Variable lease payments are incurred in connection with the Group’s own retail stores. These are based on
   the sales amount and are therefore dependent on the overall economic development.

         Total cash outflows from lease liabilities in 2024 amounted to €273.6 million (previous year: €254.8
   million).

          Due to reduced earnings prospects based on updated financial planning and estimates, impairment losses in
   the total amount of €7.3 million were recorded for the rights of use of assets in connection with PUMA’s own
   retail stores in financial year 2024 (previous year: €5.7 million). To determine the impairment, the recoverable
   amount was calculated for the individual retail stores. The recoverable amount for the impaired retail stores is
   €16.7 million (previous year: €65.3 million), of which €15.4 million was determined on the basis of the value in
   use (previous year: €65.3 million) and €1.3 million on the basis of the fair value (previous year: €0.0 million).
   In the financial year under review, reversals of impairment losses amounting to a total of €29.4 million (previous
   year: €11.9 million) were recorded for retail stores. There were no impairment losses or impairment reversals in
   the other categories of right-of-use assets.

          In 2024, PUMA entered into lease agreements that had not yet commenced by year-end. As a result, no
   lease liabilities and corresponding right-of-use assets had been recognised as of 31 December 2024. Future lease
   payments in connection with these agreements amount to €16.0 million (previous year: €2.0 million) for the next
   year, €75.9 million for years two to five (previous year: €28.2 million) and €97.1 million for the subsequent
   period (previous year: €48.5 million). The lease terms for these are up to 12 years (previous year: 15 years).




                                                  – II-145 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

         The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is as follows:

         T.27 MATURITY ANALYSIS OF LEASE LIABILITIES (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                         2024                  2023

         Due within one year                                                            265.0                 255.8
         Due between one and five years                                                 678.9                 679.6
         Due after five years                                                           502.5                 510.4


         Total (undiscounted)                                                         1,446.5               1,445.8
         Interest expense (not yet realised)                                           -215.9                -213.4


         Total                                                                        1,230.6               1,232.4


   PUMA AS LESSOR

          PUMA rents out properties owned and leased as a lessor. From the lessor’s point of view, these (sub)leases
   are classified as operating or finance leases.

         The net investments from finance leases are shown as receivables in the balance sheet and are reduced by
   the repayment portion included in the lease payment. The interest portion included in the lease payment is
   reported as interest income in the financial result.

          The maturities of the existing receivables on lease payments against third parties classified as finance
   leases are as follows:

         T.28 MATURITY ANALYSIS OF LEASE RECEIVABLES (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                         2024                  2023

         Due within one year                                                             13.9                  16.8
         Due between one and five years                                                  16.5                  24.8
         Due after five years                                                             2.1                   4.5


         Total (undiscounted)                                                            32.5                  46.1
         Interest income (not yet realised)                                              -4.0                  -5.4
         Provision for risks                                                             -0.3                  -0.5


         Total                                                                           28.2                  40.2




                                                   – II-146 –
APPENDIX II                          FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

            The following income was recognised in the consolidated income statement in connection with leases:

            T.29 RECOGNISED IN INCOME STATEMENT (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                          2024                  2023

            Operating leases
            Fixed rental income                                                             1.8                   1.0
            Finance leases
            Variable rental income                                                          1.6                   0.4


            Total rental income (included in other operating income)                        3.4                   1.4


            Selling profit (included in other operating income)                             2.5                   8.0
            Interest income (included in financial income)                                  2.5                   1.2

           Future lease payments from operating leases for the coming year amount to €1.8 million (previous year:
      €1.6 million) and to €7.4 million for years two to five (previous year: €5.1 million).

11.   INTANGIBLE ASSETS

      Intangible assets mainly include goodwill, intangible assets with indefinite useful lives (e.g. brands), assets
associated with the Company’s own retail activities and software licenses.

      The development of intangible assets is shown in the following table:

      T.30 MOVEMENTS OF INTANGIBLE ASSETS 2024 (IN € MILLION)

                                                                       Intangible
                                                                   assets with an            Other
                                                                        indefinite       intangible
                                                       Goodwill        useful life           assets            Total

      Purchase costs as of 1 January 2024                  285.3              146.3          397.5             829.1
      Additions                                              0.0                0.0           74.2              74.2
      Disposals                                              0.0                0.0          -67.8             -67.8
      Transfers                                              0.0                0.0            4.2               4.2
      Currency changes                                      -1.7                8.2            0.5               6.9


      As of 31 December 2024                               283.5              154.5          408.4             846.5


      Accumulated depreciation as of
        1 January 2024                                     -46.3              -17.6          -234.5           -298.2
      Amortisation                                           0.0                0.0           -29.2            -29.2
      Disposals                                              0.0                0.0            67.0             67.0
      Transfers                                              0.0                0.0             0.3              0.3
      Currency changes                                      -0.1                0.0            -0.5             -0.5


      As of 31 December 2024                               -46.3              -17.6          -196.7           -260.7


      Net carrying amount as of
       31 December 2024                                    237.2              136.9          211.7             585.8




                                                     – II-147 –
APPENDIX II                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      T.31 MOVEMENTS OF INTANGIBLE ASSETS 2023 (IN € MILLION)

                                                                         Intangible
                                                                     assets with an             Other
                                                                          indefinite        intangible
                                                        Goodwill         useful life            assets             Total

      Purchase costs as of 1 January 2023                   289.3             151.0              341.0             781.2
      Additions                                               0.0               0.0               74.2              74.2
      Disposals                                               0.0               0.0              -16.8             -16.8
      Transfers                                               0.0               0.0                0.6               0.6
      Currency changes                                       -4.0              -4.6               -1.5             -10.1


      As of 31 December 2023                                285.3             146.3              397.5             829.1


      Accumulated depreciation as of
        1 January 2023                                      -46.6              -17.6            -210.5            -274.7
      Amortisation                                            0.0                0.0             -37.0             -37.0
      Disposals                                               0.0                0.0              11.9              11.9
      Transfers                                               0.0                0.0              -0.1              -0.1
      Currency changes                                        0.4                0.0               1.3               1.6


      As of 31 December 2023                                -46.3              -17.6            -234.5            -298.2


      Net carrying amount as of
       31 December 2023                                     239.0             128.7              163.0             530.8


      The item Other intangible assets includes advance payments in the amount of €20.7 million (previous year:
€21.6 million).

      The current amortisation of intangible assets in the amount of €29.2 million (previous year: €37.0 million) is
included in the other operating expenses. Of this, €7.7 million relate to sales and distribution expenses (previous year:
€11.5 million), €0.0 million to expenses for product management/merchandising (previous year: €0.1 million), and
€21.5 million to administrative and general expenses (previous year: €25.3 million).

      INFORMATION ON PLANNING ASSUMPTIONS FOR IMPAIRMENT TESTS

            Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortised according to schedule.
      Impairment tests with regard to goodwill were performed in the past financial year using the discounted cash
      flow method. The data from the three-year plan for the respective cash-generating unit or group of
      cash-generating units was used as a basis for this. Planning on the level of the cash-generating units was thereby
      derived from the PUMA Group’s three-year plan. The following key assumptions have been made for the PUMA
      Group plans:

            Based on the basic assumptions regarding overall economic development, planning at Group level assumes
      that geopolitical tensions will not increase any further. Under these conditions, we expect our business to
      continue to grow profitably.

             Planned sales growth is based on the good future growth prospects in the sporting goods industry and on
      market share gains by PUMA. This is to be achieved, in particular, via the continued consistent implementation
      of the Forever Faster corporate strategy and the increase in PUMA’s brand heat.




                                                      – II-148 –
APPENDIX II                       FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

         The improvement in EBIT margin in the planning period is the result of a slight increase in gross profit
   margin due to, for example, a higher share of own retail sales as a result of above-average growth of the
   e-commerce distribution channel. Furthermore, the slightly weaker percentage increase of other operating income
   and expenses compared to sales growth is also expected to contribute to the improvement of the EBIT margin;
   for example, the operating requirements for planned sales growth over the coming years have essentially been
   met, meaning that economies of scale can be realised. In addition, the “nextlevel” efficiency programme is
   intended to help achieve cost savings and operational leverage.

         The planning of investments and working capital is based on historical experience and is carried out in
   accordance with strategic objectives.

         The future tax payments are based on current tax rates in the respective country.

          For periods beyond the three-year plan, an annual growth rate is determined and used to forecast future
   cash flows beyond the three-year period. The assumed growth rate is based on long-term expectations of inflation
   rates and does not exceed the long-term average growth rates for the business area in which the respective
   cash-generating unit, or group of cash-generating units, operates.

          The recoverable amount for the respective cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units was
   determined on the basis of the value-in-use. This did not result in impairment losses for any cash-generating
   units.

   INTANGIBLE ASSETS WITH AN INDEFINITE USEFUL LIFE

          In connection with the Golf business unit (CPG – Cobra PUMA Golf), the Cobra brand exists as an
   intangible asset with an indefinite useful life amounting to €136.9 million (previous year: €128.7 million). The
   carrying amount of the Cobra brand is significant in comparison to the overall carrying amount of the intangible
   assets with an indefinite useful life. It was assigned to the North America business segment, where the
   headquarters of Cobra PUMA Golf is located. The recoverable amount of the Cobra brand was determined using
   the relief-from-royalty method (level 3 – see explanation in Chapter 14). A discount rate of 10.0% p.a. (previous
   year: 10.6% p.a.), a royalty rate of 6.0% (previous year: 6.0%) and a sustainable 2.0% growth rate (previous
   year: 2.0%) was used. Cobra or CPG’s three-year plan shows average revenue growth in the mid-to-high
   single-digit percentage range. The management’s key assumptions about improvement in the EBIT margin in
   Cobra’s or CPG’s three-year plan are essentially in line with the fundamental assumptions in the plans at Group
   level. The estimated recoverable amount of the Cobra brand exceeds its carrying amount by approximately €19.9
   million (previous year: approx. €15.4 million).

         A reduction of the royalty rate to approximately 5.2% (previous year: approx. 5.4%) or a reduction of the
   average planned sales revenues by approximately 13.2% (previous year: approx. 10.3%) would not result in any
   impairment requirement for the Cobra brand, and the recoverable amount would correspond to the carrying
   amount.

          If there is evidence that the underlying Cobra business is insufficiently profitable, the trademark is not
   only valued individually using the relief-from-royalty method, but the recoverable amount of the cash-generating
   units to which the trademark is attributable is determined. In 2024, there were no indications of this.




                                                  – II-149 –
APPENDIX II                       FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

   GOODWILL

         Goodwill is allocated to the Group’s identifiable groups of cash-generating units (CGUs) according to the
   countries where the activities are carried out. Summarised by regions, goodwill is allocated as follows:

         T.32 COMPOSITION OF GOODWILL (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                       2024                  2023

         PUMA UK                                                                         1.7                  1.6
         Genesis                                                                         7.4                  7.0


         Subtotal Europe                                                                 9.1                  8.7


         PUMA Canada                                                                     9.5                  9.7
         PUMA United NA                                                                  2.1                  2.0


         Subtotal North America                                                         11.6                 11.7


         PUMA Argentina                                                                 16.8                 15.8
         PUMA Chile                                                                      0.5                  0.5
         PUMA Mexico                                                                    10.6                 12.2


         Subtotal Latin America                                                         27.9                 28.5


         PUMA China                                                                      2.5                  2.5
         PUMA Taiwan                                                                    13.2                 13.3


         Subtotal Greater China                                                         15.6                 15.8


         PUMA Japan                                                                     33.6                 35.0


         Subtotal Asia/Pacific (excluding Greater China)                               33.6                  35.0
         stichd                                                                       139.4                 139.4


         Total                                                                        237.2                 239.0


         Assumptions used in conducting the impairment tests in 2024:

         T.33 ASSUMPTIONS IMPAIRMENT TEST 2024

                                                                          WACC before tax        WACC after tax
                                                      Tax rate (range)            (range)              (range)

         Europe                                                  25.0%        13.3%–13.4%                 10.4%
         North America*                                          26.2%              12.7%                  9.8%
         Latin America                                     27.0%–35.0%        15.2%–56.0%           11.7%–50.8%
         Greater China                                     20.0%–25.0%        12.6%–12.7%            9.9%–10.3%
         Asia/Pacific (excluding Greater China)*                 38.1%              15.6%                 10.1%
         stichd*                                                 25.0%              12.5%                  9.7%




                                                   – II-150 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

           *     The information for North America, Asia/Pacific (excluding Greater China) and stichd relates in
                 each case to only one cash-generating unit (CGU)

          The tax rates used for the impairment test correspond to the actual tax rates in the respective countries.
   The weighted average cost of capital (WACC) was derived on the basis of the weighted average cost of total
   capital, taking into account a standard market capital structure (ratio of debt to equity) and including the most
   important listed competitors (peer group).

         In addition, a growth rate of 2.0% (previous year: 2.0%) is generally assumed. A growth rate of less than
   2.0% (previous year: less than 2.0%) was applied only in justified exceptional cases, where the long-term
   expectations on inflation rate for the country in which the cash-generating unit operates were lower than the
   assumed growth rate; this applies, in particular, to the UK, China, Japan and Taiwan.

          The cash-generating unit stichd includes goodwill of €139.4 million (previous year: €139.4 million),
   which is significant in comparison to the overall carrying amount of goodwill. The recoverable amount was
   determined by a value-in-use calculation with a discount rate of 9.7% p.a. (previous year: 10.2% p.a.) and a
   growth rate of 2.0% (previous year: 2.0%). The three-year plan of stichd shows sales growth in the mid-to-high
   single-digit percentage range. The three-year plan of stichd illustrates that the company expects a stronger
   improvement in the EBIT margin compared to the Group, something that stichd has already achieved in the past,
   as well as a return to its historical profitability.

         The cash-generating unit PUMA Japan includes goodwill of €33.6 million (previous year: €35.0 million),
   which is significant in comparison to the overall carrying amount of goodwill. The recoverable amount was
   determined by a value-in-use calculation with a discount rate of 10.1% p.a. (previous year: 10.5% p.a.) and a
   growth rate of 1.5% (previous year: 1.2%). PUMA Japan’s three-year plan provides for sales growth in the
   mid-to-high single-digit percentage range. PUMA Japan’s three-year plan shows that the company expects a
   strong improvement in the EBIT margin and a return to the historical profitability level of PUMA Japan. The
   estimated recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit PUMA Japan exceeds its carrying amount by
   approximately €19.4 million (previous year: approx. €20.0 million).

         An increase in the discount rate to around 11.4% or a reduction in the average planned operating result
   (EBIT) over the three-year period of around 12.5% would not result in an impairment of the goodwill of PUMA
   Japan and the recoverable amount would correspond to the carrying amount.

           The following table contains the assumptions for the performance of the impairment tests in the previous
   year:

           T.34 ASSUMPTIONS IMPAIRMENT TEST 2023

                                                                           WACC before tax         WACC after tax
                                                        Tax rate (range)           (range)               (range)

           Europe                                                19.0%                13.3%                 11.1%
           North America*                                        26.2%                12.7%                 10.3%
           Latin America                                   27.0%–35.0%          16.5%–64.1%           12.1%–51.7%
           Greater China                                   20.0%–25.0%          12.9%–14.0%           10.5%–11.2%
           Asia/Pacific (excluding Greater China)*               38.1%                16.4%                 10.5%
           stichd*                                               25.0%                13.1%                 10.2%

           *     The information for North America, Asia/Pacific (excluding Greater China) and stichd relates in
                 each case to only one cash-generating unit (CGU)




                                                     – II-151 –
APPENDIX II                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

12.   OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS

      Other non-current financial and non-financial assets consist of:

      T.35 OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                        2024                 2023

      Investments                                                                       18.5                 21.2
      Fair value of derivative financial instruments                                    28.0                  1.4
      Lease receivables                                                                 15.8                 25.3
      Remaining financial assets                                                        33.1                 35.7


      Total of other non-current financial assets                                       95.4                 83.6
      Other non-current non-financial assets                                            28.1                 25.6


      Other non-current assets, total                                                  123.5                109.1


      The investments relate to the 5.32% shareholding in Borussia Dortmund GmbH & Co. Kommanditgesellschaft
auf Aktien (BVB) with registered office in Dortmund, Germany. According to the audited IFRS consolidated financial
statements 2023/2024 of Borussia Dortmund GmbH & Co. Kommanditgesellschaft auf Aktien, equity as of 30 June
2024 amounted to €327.0 million (30 June 2023: €282.7 million) and the result of the last financial year was €44.3
million (previous year: €9.6 million).

      Other financial assets mainly include rental deposits in the amount of €29.8 million (previous year: €31.9
million). The other non-current non-financial assets mainly include accruals and deferrals in connection with
promotional and advertising agreements.




                                                       – II-152 –
APPENDIX II                               FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

13.   LIABILITIES

      The residual terms of liabilities are as follows:

      T.36 LIABILITIES (IN € MILLION)

                                                 2024                                           2023
                                                  Residual term of                               Residual term of
                                              up to          1 to         over               up to         1 to        over
                                  Total      1 year       5 years      5 years     Total    1 year      5 years     5 years

      Borrowings                  488.0       131.6        356.4           0.0     572.0     145.9       426.1          0.0
      Trade payables            1,893.5     1,893.5          0.0           0.0   1,499.8   1,499.8         0.0          0.0
      Other liabilities*
      Liabilities from other
        taxes                     111.2       111.2           0.0          0.0    110.0      110.0          0.0         0.0
      Liabilities relating to
        social security            12.0        12.0           0.0          0.0     10.6       10.6          0.0         0.0
      Payables to employees       121.8       121.8           0.0          0.0    123.6      123.6          0.0         0.0
      Liabilities from refund
        obligations               213.5       213.5           0.0          0.0    236.9      236.9          0.0         0.0
      Liabilities from
        derivative financial
        instruments                21.8        19.9           1.9          0.0     58.2       47.7         10.5         0.0
      Remaining other
        liabilities                40.9        38.8           2.1          0.1     45.4       43.2          2.0         0.2


      Total                     2,902.5     2,542.2        360.3           0.1   2,656.5   2,217.7       438.5          0.2


      *       The maturity analysis on lease liabilities is presented in Chapter 10.

            The liabilities from refund obligations result from contracts with customers and essentially comprise
      obligations from customer return rights.

      INFORMATION REGARDING SUPPLIER FINANCING AGREEMENTS

             PUMA offers its suppliers a programme to finance supplier invoices. The largest programme, the PUMA
      Vendor Financing Programme (PVFP), enables suppliers to pre-finance their invoices to PUMA from one of the
      partner banks significantly before the agreed payment date in return for an interest discount. The financing terms
      are linked to the achievement of sustainability targets by the suppliers. Participation in this programme is
      voluntary. This supplier financing programme has no impact on PUMA; the payment date, payment methods and
      the original contractual conditions remain unchanged. In the balance sheet, liabilities are accordingly still shown
      as trade payables and cash outflows are included in the cash flow statement under cash flow from operating
      activities.

             There are also some individual programmes with local suppliers. These too are intended to give suppliers
      the opportunity to pre-finance their invoices prior to the agreed payment dates, and in return, PUMA is granted
      partially extended payment periods; however, this is at the sole discretion of the financing partners. As PUMA
      does not incur any additional interest for the payment of supplier liabilities to the partner banks and, from the
      Group’s point of view, the extended payment periods do not differ significantly from normal payment periods in
      the countries concerned, the liabilities are still reported as trade payables in the balance sheet and cash outflows
      are included in the cash flow statement under cash flow from operating activities in this case.




                                                          – II-153 –
APPENDIX II                   FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      T.37 INFORMATION ON SUPPLIER FINANCING AGREEMENTS

                                                        2024                               2023
                                                                     Other                              Other
                                                   PVFP        programmes              PVFP       programmes

      Carrying amount of trade
        payables subject to supplier
        finance arrangements (in €
        million)
      Presented as trade payables                   352.3              42.9            362.0              35.0
        Of which suppliers have
           received payment from the
           bank                                     139.1              17.7                –                 –
      Range of payment due dates (in
        days)*
      Trade payables that are part of
        supplier finance arrangements                  90           90–120                 –                 –
      Trade payables that are not part
        of supplier finance
        arrangements                                   90           60–120                 –                 –

      *     The above-mentioned ranges of payment dates for the other programmes include ranges from
            multiple different countries. Under a supplier financing agreement, payment periods are extended by
            a maximum of 30 days, with the extended payment periods still not differing significantly from
            normal payment periods in the countries concerned.




                                              – II-154 –
APPENDIX II                                                              FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

14.         FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

            CARRYING AMOUNTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND ALLOCATION TO VALUATION
            CATEGORIES

T.38 CARRYING AMOUNTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND THEIR FAIR VALUE (IN € MILLION)

                                                              Measurement
                                                              categories
                                                              under         Carrying                                              Carrying
                                                              IFRS 9         amount    Fair value   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3    amount    Fair value   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3
                                                                                2024         2024                                     2023         2023

Financial assets
                                                              1)
Cash and cash equivalents                                      AC              368.2                                                 552.9
Trade receivables                                             AC             1,246.5                                               1,118.4
Other current financial assets
  Derivatives – hedge accounting                              n/a              102.9       102.9               102.9                  22.8         22.8                22.8
                                                              2)
  Derivatives – no hedge accounting                              FVPL           44.1        44.1                44.1                  11.6         11.6                11.6
  Lease receivables                                           n/a               12.4                                                  14.9
  Remaining current financial assets                          AC               168.8                                                  45.6
Other non-current financial assets
  Derivatives - hedge accounting                              n/a               28.0         28.0                28.0                  1.4          1.4                 1.4
                                                              3)
  Investments                                                    FVOCI          18.5         18.5      18.5                           21.2         21.2      21.2
  Lease receivables                                           n/a               15.8                                                  25.3
  Remaining non-current financial assets                      AC                33.1                                                  35.7
Financial liabilities
Current borrowings
  Bank liabilities                                            AC                61.6                                                  15.2
  Promissory note loans (PNL)                                 AC                70.0         69.9                69.9                130.8       124.9               124.9
Trade payables                                                AC             1,893.5                                               1,499.8
Current lease liabilities                                     n/a              220.6                                                 212.4
Other current financial liabilities
  Derivatives – hedge accounting                              n/a               13.7         13.7                13.7                 22.6         22.6                22.6
  Derivatives – no hedge accounting                           FVPL               6.2          6.2                 6.2                 25.1         25.1                25.1
  Remaining current financial liabilities                     AC                27.2                                                  30.9
Non-current borrowings (PNL)                                  AC               356.4       361.0               361.0                 426.1       427.4               427.4
Non-current lease liabilities                                 n/a            1,010.0                                               1,020.0
Other non-current financial liabilities
  Derivatives – hedge accounting                              n/a                1.9          1.9                 1.9                 10.5         10.5                10.5
  Remaining non-current financial liabilities                 AC                 1.0                                                   0.9
Total financial assets at amortised cost                                     1,816.6                                               1,752.6
Total financial liabilities at amortised cost                                2,409.6                                               2,103.6
Total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                     44.1                                                  11.6
Total financial liabilities at fair value through profit or
  loss                                                                           6.2                                                  25.1
Total financial assets at FVOCI                                                 18.5                                                  21.2

1)
            AC = at amortised cost

2)
            FVPL = fair value through PL

3)
            FVOCI (fair value through OCI) = equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income




                                                                                               – II-155 –
APPENDIX II                         FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

         Financial instruments that are measured at fair value in the balance sheet were determined using the
   following hierarchy:

           Level 1: Use of prices quoted on active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

         Level 2: Use of input factors that do not involve the quoted prices stated under level 1, but can be
   observed for the asset or liability either directly (i.e. as the price) or indirectly (i.e. derived from the price).

           Level 3: Use of factors for the valuation of the asset or liability that are based on non-observable market
   data.

         Reclassification between different levels of the fair value hierarchy are recorded at the end of the reporting
   period in which the change occurred.

         The fair value of the investments held for strategic reasons only refers to equity instruments of the
   category “fair value through OCI” (FVOCI) and is determined on the basis of level 1. The market values of the
   derivative assets and liabilities as well as the fair value of the promissory note loans were determined in
   accordance with level 2.




                                                    – II-156 –
APPENDIX II                       FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

         The following table shows the measurement techniques used for determining Level 2 fair values for
   financial instruments.

         T.39 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE – LEVEL 2

                                                                                                 Connection
                                                                                                 between material,
                                                                                                 non-observable
                                                                           Material,             input factors and
                                                                           non-observable        fair value
         Type                 Measurement technique                        input factors         measurement

         Forward exchange     The fair values are determined on the        Not applicable        Not applicable
           contracts            basis of current market parameters,
                                i.e., reference prices observable on
                                the market, taking into account
                                forward premiums and discounts. The
                                discounted result of the comparison of
                                the forward price on the reporting
                                date with the forward price of the
                                valuation date is included in the
                                measurement. The fair values are also
                                checked for the counterparty’s
                                non-performance risk. In doing this,
                                PUMA calculates credit value
                                adjustments (CVA) or debt value
                                adjustments (DVA) on the basis of an
                                up/down method, taking current
                                market information into account, in
                                particular the creditworthiness of the
                                company’s business partners. No
                                material deviations were found, so
                                that no adjustments were made to the
                                fair value determined.

         Currency options     The valuation is based on Garman             Not applicable        Not applicable
                                Kohlhagen model, an extended
                                version of the Black Scholes model.

         Promissory note      The valuation takes into account the         Not applicable        Not applicable
           loans                cash value of expected payments,
                                discounted using a risk-adjusted
                                discount rate.

         Interest options     The valuation is based on the Black          Not applicable        Not applicable
                                Scholes model.

         Of the fair value of the derivatives with a hedge relationship with positive market values of €131.0
   million (previous year: €24.2 million), €125.4 million (previous year: €24.5 million) related to the valuation of
   the spot component. Of the fair value of the derivatives with a hedge relationship with negative market values of
   €15.5 million (previous year: €33.1 million), €13.0 million (previous year: €40.7 million) related to the
   valuation of the spot component.

         Cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables and other receivables have short maturities. Accordingly, as
   of the reporting date, the carrying amount approximates fair value. Receivables are stated at nominal value,
   taking into account deductions for default risk.




                                                  – II-157 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

          The fair values of other financial assets correspond to their carrying amount, as the interest calculation
   occurs at the prevailing market interest rates on the balance sheet date. Other (current and non-current) financial
   assets include €38.9 million (previous year: €40.3 million) that were pledged as rental or other deposits at usual
   market rates.

         Trade payables have short residual maturities; their carrying amounts therefore approximate fair value.

         The remaining financial liabilities have short residual maturities; the recognised amounts therefore
   approximate fair value.

   NET RESULT BY VALUATION CATEGORY

         The following table shows the net result by valuation category:

         T.40 NET GAINS/LOSSES FROM FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                          2024                   2023

         Financial assets at amortised cost (AC)                                            2.9                   5.8
         Financial liabilities at amortised cost (AC)                                    -148.6                 -89.3
         Derivatives without hedging relationship measured at fair
           value through profit or loss (FVPL)                                             63.4                    7.7
         Financial assets measured at fair value through other
           comprehensive income (FVOCI)                                                    -2.4                   -0.5

          The net result was determined by taking into account interest income and expense, dividends, currency
   exchange effects, changes in provisions for risks as well as gains and losses from disposals. It also includes
   effects from the fair value measurement of derivatives without a hedging relationship.

         The net result includes interest income of €29.4 million (previous year: €36.6 million) and interest
   expenses of €75.2 million (previous year: €47.7 million) according to the effective interest method.

         General administrative expenses include changes in risk provisions for receivables.

   DISCLOSURES RELATING TO FINANCIAL RISKS

         The PUMA Group is exposed to the following risks from the use of financial instruments:

         •     Default risk

         •     Liquidity risk

         •     Market risk

         These risks and the principles of risk management are explained below.

   PRINCIPLES OF RISK MANAGEMENT

          The Management Board of PUMA SE is responsible for developing and monitoring risk management in the
   PUMA Group. To this end, the Management Board has set up a Risk Management Committee that is responsible
   for designing, reviewing and adapting the risk management system. The Risk Management Committee regularly
   reports to the Management Board on its work.

         The guidelines for the risk management system define the responsibilities, tasks and processes of the risk
   management system. The guidelines for the risk management system and the risk management system itself are
   reviewed regularly in order to be able to pick up on any changes in market conditions and PUMA’s activities and
   incorporate them accordingly.




                                                  – II-158 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

          The Audit Committee, on the one hand, monitors the Management Board’s compliance with the guidelines
   and the Group risk management processes. On the other hand, the Audit Committee monitors the effectiveness of
   the risk management system with regard to the risks to which the PUMA Group is exposed. The Internal Audit
   department supports the Audit Committee in its monitoring tasks. To this end, regular audits and ad hoc audits
   are also carried out by the Internal Audit department. Their results are reported directly to the Audit Committee.

   DEFAULT RISK

         Default risk is the risk of financial losses if a customer or party to a financial instrument fails to meet its
   contractual obligations. Default risk arises in principle from trade receivables and from other contractual
   financial obligations of the counterparty, such as bank deposits and derivative financial instruments.

        Without taking into account any existing credit insurance policies or other guarantees received, the
   maximum default risk is equal to the carrying amount of the financial assets.

          At the end of financial year 2024, there was no relevant concentration of default risk by customer type or
   region. Default risk is mainly influenced by individual customer characteristics. In accordance with our credit
   guidelines, new customers are checked for creditworthiness before we offer them our regular payment and
   delivery terms. In addition, we set specific receivables limits for each customer. In particular, the international
   credit insurance programme that PUMA has concluded for all major subsidiaries contributes to risk mitigation.
   The creditworthiness of our customers and the limits on receivables are monitored on an ongoing basis, which
   also includes requests for individual credit limits from credit insurance providers for all customers who have
   external accounts that exceed a certain value limit. The credit insurer’s response to such credit limit requests
   always includes information on the creditworthiness. Customers with a credit rating that does not meet the
   minimum requirements set may, as a rule, only acquire products against advance payment.

          Further activities to reduce default risk include retention of title clauses, and also in individual cases the
   selective sale of trade receivables (without recourse) and the obtaining of bank guarantees or parent company
   guarantees for our customers.

         At the end of the financial year 2024, no individual customers accounted for more than 10% of trade
   receivables.

         The central Treasury department has a comprehensive overview of the banks involved in currency hedging
   instruments and the management of cash and cash equivalents. Business with banks is focused on core banks
   with the appropriate credit rating (currently a minimum rating of BBB+ or better), while maximum risk amounts
   are specified for banks that have also been engaged in addition to this. The counterparty risks resulting from this
   are reviewed at least once every six months.

         PUMA held derivative financial instruments with a positive market value of €175.1 million in 2024
   (previous year: €35.8 million). The maximum default risk for an individual bank from such assets amounted to
   €34.6 million (previous year: €7.5 million).

         In accordance with IFRS 7, the following table contains further information on the offsetting options for
   derivative financial assets and liabilities. Most agreements between financial institutions and PUMA include a
   mutual right to offsetting; the right to offsetting is only enforceable in the event of the default of a business
   partner. Therefore, the criteria for offsetting in the balance sheet are not met.




                                                   – II-159 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

         The carrying amounts of the derivative financial instruments affected by the aforementioned offsetting
   agreements are shown in the following table:

       T.41 OFFSETTING POSSIBILITIES OF DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (IN €
   MILLION)

                                                                                            2024                  2023

         Assets
         Gross amounts of financial assets recognised in the balance
           sheet                                                                           175.1                  35.8
         Financial instruments that qualify for offsetting                                   0.0                   0.0


         = Net book value of financial assets                                              175.1                  35.8
         Offsettable on the basis of framework agreements                                  -21.7                 -34.5


         Total net value of financial assets                                               153.5                   1.3


                                                                                            2024                  2023

         Liabilities
         Gross amounts of financial liabilities recognised in the
           balance sheet                                                                    21.8                  58.2
         Financial instruments that qualify for offsetting                                   0.0                   0.0


         = Net book value of financial liabilities                                           21.8                 58.2
         Offsettable on the basis of framework agreements                                   -21.7                -34.5


         Total net value of financial liabilities                                             0.1                 23.7


   LIQUIDITY RISK

         Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group may not be able to meet its financial liabilities by delivering cash
   or other financial assets in accordance with the agreement. The objective of the Group in managing liquidity is to
   ensure that, as far as possible, sufficient cash and cash equivalents are always available in order to meet the
   payment obligations upon maturity, under both normal and strained conditions.

          PUMA aims to maintain the amount of cash, cash equivalents and fixed loan commitments at a level that
   covers the effects of an assumed worst-case scenario. This scenario is based on the events and financial impact
   of the COVID-19 crisis in Q2 2020, which must be covered accordingly.

         PUMA has confirmed credit lines totalling €1,842.9 million (previous year: €1,552.8 million), of which
   €1,360.2 million (previous year: €986.1 million) had not been utilised as of 31 December 2024. The increase of
   €290.1 million in confirmed credit lines compared to the previous year resulted in particular from the early
   repayment of the syndicated revolving credit facility of €800.0 million with an original term until December
   2025. This credit facility was replaced in December 2024 by a new syndicated revolving credit facility of
   €1,200.0 million with a term until December 2029 and two extension options of one year each. The financing
   partners are again nine of PUMA’s international core banks.

         No financial liabilities were utilised from credit lines granted only until further notice.

         The effective interest rate of the current and non-current financial liabilities was 4.7% (previous year:
   3.9%).




                                                    – II-160 –
APPENDIX II                       FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

          PUMA also participates in supplier financing agreements (for further explanations see Chapter 13), the
   main purpose of which is to allow suppliers to pre-pay their invoices via a bank on a voluntary basis.
   Programmes are offered by PUMA’s central sourcing company (PUMA International Trading GmbH) for suppliers
   exporting goods to PUMA subsidiaries worldwide and by individual local PUMA subsidiaries for local deliveries
   from local suppliers. The financing partners involved in all of these programmes are international banks from
   among the PUMA’s international core banks with an appropriate credit rating. From the Group’s point of view,
   the supplier financing agreements do not extend the payment terms or do not extend them significantly. Any
   extension of payment periods is at the sole discretion of the financing partners. For this reason, and in view of
   the balanced distribution of the programmes across five of the Group’s core banks, PUMA faces no additional
   liquidity risk.

          The following table shows the future cash outflows from the financial liabilities existing as at the
   reporting date, as well as the contractual cash flows in connection with derivatives with a negative market value.
   These are non-discounted gross amounts including expected interest payments, but exclude presentation of the
   effects of offsetting:

         T.42 CONTRACTUAL CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCIAL LIABILITIES 2024 (IN € MILLION)

                                                        Total              2025              2026       2027 et seq.

         Non-derivative financial
           liabilities
         Borrowings                                    -523.7             -144.7            -217.9            -161.1
         Trade payables                              -1,893.5           -1,893.5
         Other liabilities                              -28.2              -27.2              -0.9               -0.1
         Derivative financial liabilities               -29.8              -25.6              -3.9               -0.3
           Cash inflow derivative financial
              liabilities                               798.0             726.9               71.1
           Cash outflow derivative
              financial liabilities                    -827.8             -752.5             -75.0               -0.3

         The following values were determined for the previous year:

         T.43 CONTRACTUAL CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCIAL LIABILITIES 2023 (IN € MILLION)

                                                        Total              2024              2025       2026 et seq.

         Non-derivative financial
           liabilities
         Borrowings                                    -634.0             -166.9             -85.1            -382.0
         Trade payables                              -1,499.8           -1,499.8
         Other liabilities                              -31.8              -30.9              -0.5               -0.4
         Derivative financial liabilities               -47.0              -43.8              -2.2               -1.0
           Cash inflow derivative financial
              liabilities                             2,876.6            2,397.1             479.5
           Cash outflow derivative
              financial liabilities                  -2,923.6           -2,440.8            -481.8               -1.0

   MARKET RISK

        Market risk is the risk that market prices, such as exchange rates, share prices or interest rates, may
   change, thereby affecting the income of the Group or the value of the financial instruments held.

         The aim of market risk management is to manage and control market risk within acceptable margins while
   optimising returns.




                                                  – II-161 –
APPENDIX II                       FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

         To manage market risks, PUMA acquires and sells derivatives and also enters into financial liabilities. All
   transactions are carried out within the framework of the Group’s risk management regulations.

   CURRENCY RISK

         PUMA is exposed to transactional foreign currency risks such that the quoted currencies used for
   acquisition, disposal and credit transactions and for receivables do not match the functional currency of the
   Group companies.

         In financial year 2024, PUMA designated currency hedges in the cash flow hedge accounting in order to
   hedge the amount payable of purchases denominated in USD, and converted to EUR, as well as for other
   currency risks resulting from internal resale to PUMA subsidiaries.

        Furthermore, currency swaps and forward exchange contracts are used to hedge foreign exchange risks
   when measuring intra-group loans denominated in foreign currencies.

          The estimated foreign currency risks are initially subjected to a quantitative materiality test, while
   simultaneously taking hedging costs into account. Material risks are then hedged, in accordance with the Group
   directive, up to a hedging ratio of up to 95% of the estimated foreign currency risks from expected acquisition
   and disposal transactions over the next 12 to 15 months. Forward exchange contracts and currency options,
   usually with a term of around 12 months from the reporting date, are used to hedge the foreign currency risk. For
   significant risks that are subject to large hedging costs, high hedging ratios can only be achieved over shorter
   terms.

         The summarised quantitative information about the Group’s currency risk is as follows:

         T.44 EXPOSURE TO FOREIGN CURRENCY RISK 2024 (IN € MILLION)

         As of 31 December 2024                                    USD                  MXN                    JPY

         Risk from forecast transactions                       -1,698.5                 248.4                 185.7
         Balance sheet risk                                      -753.9                  87.4                   8.1


         Gross risk                                            -2,452.4                 335.7                 193.8
         Hedged with currency options                             221.4                   0.0                 -39.9
         Hedged with forward exchange
          contracts                                             2,318.2                -155.2                -112.2


         Net risk                                                  87.2                 180.5                  41.7


         T.45 EXPOSURE TO FOREIGN CURRENCY RISK 2023 (IN € MILLION)

         As of 31 December 2023                                    USD                  MXN                    JPY

         Risk from forecast transactions                       -1,716.4                 269.1                 190.0
         Balance sheet risk                                      -628.3                  78.8                  13.4


         Gross risk                                            -2,344.7                 347.9                 203.4
         Hedged with currency options                              18.1                   0.0                 -51.5
         Hedged with forward exchange
          contracts                                             1,933.1                -211.1                -110.3


         Net risk                                                -393.5                 136.7                  41.6




                                                  – II-162 –
APPENDIX II                     FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

        Forward exchange contracts and the risk from forecast transactions were calculated on a one-year basis.

         The nominal amounts of open exchange rate-hedging transactions refer primarily to forward exchange
   contracts in a total amount of €4,135.4 million (previous year: €3,745.0 million).

        The market values of open exchange rate-hedging transactions on the balance sheet date consist of:

        T.46 MARKET VALUE OF EXCHANGE RATE HEDGING CONTRACTS (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                      2024                   2023

        Forward exchange contracts                                                    161.0                   35.5
        Currency options                                                               14.1                    0.3


        Currency hedging contracts, assets                                            175.1                   35.8


        Forward exchange contracts                                                     21.0                   56.0
        Currency options                                                                0.0                    1.2


        Currency hedging contracts, liabilities                                        21.0                   57.2


        Net                                                                           154.1                  -21.4


        The net risk position and the average hedging rates are broken down as follows:

        T.47 AVERAGE HEDGING RATES

                                                    2024                                   2023
                                              Current          Non-current           Current         Non-current

        Currency risk
        Net risk position
          ( € million)                         1,403.8               496.1            1,076.5                504.2

        Forward exchange
          contracts
        Average EUR/USD
          exchange rate                            1.113             1.117                1.108              1.110
        Average EUR/MXN
          exchange rate                           21.969                 –             19.978                     –
        Average EUR/JPY
          exchange rate                        157.814             155.475            138.560            148.736
        Currency options
        Average EUR/USD
          exchange rate (Put/Call)         1.060/1.126          1.110/1.162       1.050/1.144         1.039/1.131
        Average EUR/MXN
          exchange rate (Put/Call)                    –                  –                    –                   –
        Average EUR/JPY
          exchange rate (Put/Call)    145.990/159.979                    –    140.198/157.850     143.733/161.366




                                                  – II-163 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

   Currency sensitivity analysis

          In order to disclose market risks, IFRS 7 requires sensitivity analyses that show the effects of hypothetical
   changes in relevant risk variables on earnings and equity. The periodic effects are determined by relating the
   hypothetical changes caused by the risk variables to the balance of the financial instruments held as of the
   balance sheet date. The underlying assumption is that the balance as of the balance sheet date is representative
   for the entire year.

          Currency risks as defined by IFRS 7 arise on account of financial instruments that are denominated in a
   currency which differs from the functional currency and are monetary in nature. Differences resulting from the
   conversion of the individual financial statements to the group currency are not taken into account. All
   non-functional currencies in which PUMA employs financial instruments are generally considered to be relevant
   risk variables.

         The currency sensitivity analysis is based on the net balance sheet risk denominated in foreign currencies.
   This also includes intra-company monetary assets and liabilities. Outstanding currency derivatives are also
   reassessed as part of the sensitivity analysis.

         The following table shows the increase or decrease of profit or loss or cash flow hedging reserve in equity
   in the event of a 10% appreciation or depreciation against the euro spot price. It is assumed that all other
   influencing factors, including interest rates and commodity prices, remain constant. The effects of the forecasted
   operating cash flows are also ignored.

         T.48 SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES 2024
              (IN € MILLION)

         As of 31 December 2024                                     USD                   MXN                     JPY

         Nominal amounts of outstanding
          hedge contracts                                         2,710.0                -155.2                 -161.9

                                                             EUR +10%               EUR +10%              EUR +10%

         Equity                                                    -286.1                  10.1                   10.7
         Profit or loss                                               2.5                  -1.0                   -0.1

                                                              EUR -10%              EUR -10%               EUR -10%

         Equity                                                      99.6                  -16.8                 -23.8
         Profit or loss                                              -3.1                    1.2                   0.1




                                                   – II-164 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

         T.49 SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES 2023
              (IN € MILLION)

         As of 31 December 2023                                     USD                   MXN                    JPY

         Nominal amounts of outstanding
          hedge contracts                                        2,413.7                 -211.1                -123.7

                                                             EUR +10%              EUR +10%              EUR +10%

         Equity                                                   -151.3                   17.9                   -1.0
         Profit or loss                                              2.0                   -0.6                   -0.1

                                                             EUR -10%                 EUR -10%            EUR -10%

         Equity                                                    218.9                  -11.0                 -23.7
         Profit or loss                                             -2.4                    0.8                   0.1

        Currency risks and other risk and opportunity categories are discussed in greater detail in the Combined
   Management Report in the Risk and Opportunity Report.

   INTEREST RATE RISK

         The interest rate risk in the PUMA Group is primarily attributable to variable-interest borrowings. Interest
   rate management is carried out centrally by the Treasury division on the basis of specified limits. Within this
   framework, the division manages and monitors interest rate risk through the use of interest rate derivatives.
   Transactions are only concluded with counterparties that are creditworthy. Derivative financial instruments must
   not be used for speculative purposes, but only to hedge risks related to underlying transactions.

         As of 31 December 2024, €153.0 million (previous year: €207.5 million) of the financial liabilities were
   subject to variable interest.

          Interest rate collars were also concluded at the same amount and with the same maturity to hedge the risk
   of interest rate changes for the variable interest rate promissory note tranches in the amount of €150.0 million in
   May 2023.

          There is an economic relationship between the underlying and hedging transactions, since the terms of the
   interest rate collars correspond to those of the floating rate loans. This applies to the nominal amount, maturity,
   payment and interest adjustment dates. The underlying risk of interest rate collars is identical to that of the
   hedged risk components. A hedge ratio of 1:1 has therefore been established for the hedging relationship.

         The net risk position and the average hedged interest rate are as follows:

         T.50 AVERAGE HEDGED INTEREST RATE

                                                            2024                                 2023
                                                      Current    Non-current               Current    Non-current

         Interest rate risk
         Net risk position ( € million)                    3.0                                 54.5               3.0

         Average hedged interest rate in %
           based on current fixing
           (Cap/Floor)                                                4.7%/1.5%                            4.7%/1.5%




                                                  – II-165 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

   Interest sensitivity analysis

          The result in the Group depends on the development of the market interest rate level. A change in the
   interest rate level would have an impact on the Group’s income and equity. The analysis carried out includes all
   interest-bearing financial instruments that are subject to interest rate risk.

         A change in the interest rate level of 100 basis points would have the following effects on profit or loss
   and the cash flow hedging reserve in equity:

         T.51 SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS FOR INTEREST RATE RISK (IN € MILLION)

                                                           2024                                2023
                                                       +1.0%             -1.0%             +1.0%             -1.0%

         Equity                                           0.0               0.0               0.8                0.0
         Profit or loss                                   0.4              -1.5               0.4               -1.9

   INFORMATION ON HEDGING INSTRUMENTS THAT ARE IN A HEDGING RELATIONSHIP

          On the balance sheet date, the amounts relating to items designated as hedged underlying transactions were
   as follows:

         T.52 DESIGNATED HEDGE ITEMS (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                                            Balance
                                                                                                       remaining in
                                                                                                      the cash flow
                                                                                                      hedge reserve
                                                                                                      from hedging
                                                                                                       relationships
                                                   Change in                                              for which
                                              value used for                                                  hedge
                                                  calculating                                         accounting is
                                                       hedge         Cash flow       Reserve for          no longer
                                              ineffectiveness     hedge reserve    hedging costs             applied

         As of 31 December 2024
         Currency risk – sales transactions             -13.1               5.3              -4.3                0.0
         Currency risk – sourcing
           transactions                                 175.3              81.1               4.4                0.0
         Interest rate risk                               0.0               0.0              -0.3                0.0
         As of 31 December 2023
         Currency risk – sales transactions              -8.2              19.6               0.0                0.0
         Currency risk – sourcing
           transactions                                  -5.4             -23.5               0.0                0.0
         Interest rate risk                               0.0               0.0               0.0                0.0




                                                  – II-166 –
APPENDIX II                               FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

                The amounts relating to items designated as hedging instruments have the following effects on the
          consolidated statement of financial position and consolidated income statement:

T.53 DESIGNATED HEDGE INSTRUMENTS (IN € MILLION)

                          Nominal value    Carrying amount
                                                                                        Changes in the
                                                                                          value of the
                                                                     Line item in the          hedging                               Amount
                                                                     balance sheet         instrument,                     reclassified from     Line item in
                                                                     where the              recognised     Amount from         the cash flow     the income
                                                                     hedging                   in other hedging reserve hedge reserve to         statement
                                                                     instrument is      comprehensive     transferred to         the income      affected by the
                                            Assets       Liabilities included                   income cost of inventory           statement     reclassification
As of 31 December 2024                                                                                      in the financial year 2024

Currency risk –                 1,139.7       14.3           -13.0                                13.1                  –                  29.3 Sales
                                                                   other current/
  sales transactions
                                                                     non-current
Currency risk –                 2,374.3      111.0             0.0                              -175.3               -5.9                    – Cost of sales
                                                                     financial
  sourcing transactions
                                                                     assets/
Interest rate risk                150.0        0.0             0.0                                 0.0                  –                   0.0 Financial
                                                                     liabilities
                                                                                                                                                  expenses

As of 31 December 2023                                                                                        in the financial year 2023

Currency risk –                 1,082.2       22.3             -6.2                                8.2                  –                  29.8 Sales
                                                                   other current/
  sales transactions
                                                                     non-current
Currency risk –                 1,996.4        2.3           -34.5                                 5.4              -12.9                  -5.1 Cost of sales
                                                                     financial
  sourcing transactions
                                                                     assets/
Interest rate risk                150.0        0.0             0.0                                 0.0                  –                   0.0 Financial
                                                                     liabilities
                                                                                                                                                  expenses




                                                             – II-167 –
APPENDIX II                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

            The following table shows the reconciliation of the changes in equity in relation to hedging reserves:

            T.54 CHANGES IN THE HEDGING RESERVES (IN € MILLION)

                                                                          2024                                      2023
                                                                 Cash flow             Reserve for            Cash flow
                                                            hedging reserve          hedging costs       hedging reserve

            Reserve as of 31 December                                   -3.9                    0.0                  14.2
            Transition effect IFRS 9                                                            4.9
            Reserve as of 1 January                                     -3.9                    4.9                  14.2
            Change in fair value
              Thereof currency risk*                                   162.2                   12.3                 -13.6
              Thereof interest rate risk                                 0.0                    0.6                   0.0
            Amount included in the acquisition cost
              of non-financial assets                                   -5.9                    0.0                  12.9
            Amount reclassified to the income
              statement
              Thereof currency risk**                                  -29.3                  -20.3                 -27.5
              Thereof interest rate risk                                 0.0                    0.0                   0.0
            Tax effect                                                 -36.8                    2.4                  10.1


            Reserve as of 31 December                                   86.4                   -0.2                   -3.9


            *      The change in the fair value of the hedging reserve of €12.3 million relates to sales transactions in
                   the amount of €-22.4 million and sourcing transactions in the amount of €34.7 million.

            **     Of the amounts reclassified from the hedging reserve to the income statement, €25.8 million were
                   incurred in connection with sales transactions and €-46.1 million in connection with sourcing
                   transactions.

            The change in the fair values of options or the change in the forward components and the currency basis
      spreads of the forward exchange contracts are recorded as cost of a transaction-related hedging separately under
      equity in the reserve for hedging costs and are recognised in the financial result through profit or loss when the
      underlying transaction occurs.

             A small portion of the originally planned sourcing and sales volume in foreign currencies did not transpire,
      leading to an excess of hedging transactions. Hedge accounting was terminated for those sourcing and sales
      transactions that were no longer expected to transpire, and the fair value was transferred as a profit or loss from
      the cash flow hedging reserve to the consolidated income statement. As soon as any highly likely sourcing or
      sales transaction is no longer expected to transpire, an offsetting transaction is concluded. Across all currency
      pairs, an amount of €0.1 million (previous year: €5.5 million) was recorded in the financial result through profit
      or loss (see also Chapter 21).

15.   PENSION PROVISIONS

      Pension provisions result from employees’ claims and, if applicable, their survivors, for benefits which are based
on the statutory or contractual regulations applicable in the respective country in the event of invalidity, death or when
a certain retirement age has been reached. Pension commitments in the PUMA Group include both benefit- and
contribution-based pension commitments and include both obligations from current pensions and rights to pensions
payable in the future. The pension commitments are partially financed by external plan assets.




                                                      – II-168 –
APPENDIX II                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

       The risks associated with the pension commitments mainly concern the usual risks of benefit-based pension plans
in relation to possible changes in the discount rate and inflation trends, and recipient longevity. In order to limit the
risks of changed capital market conditions and demographic developments, plans with the maximum obligations were
agreed or insured for new hires a few years ago in Germany and Great Britain. The specific risk of obligations based
on salary is low within the PUMA Group. The introduction of an annual cap for pensionable salary in the Great Britain
plan in 2016 covers this risk for the highest obligations. The Great Britain plan is therefore classified as a non-salary
obligation.

      T.55 PRESENT VALUE OF PENSION OBLIGATION 2024 (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                              Other
                                                        Germany      Great Britain         companies      PUMA Group

      Present value of pension obligation
        as of 31 December 2024
      Salary-based obligations
        Annuity                                               0.0                0.0              11.5              11.5
        One-off payment                                       0.0                0.0              10.9              10.9
      Non-salary based obligations
        Annuity                                              50.4              31.4                0.0              81.8
        One-off payment                                       8.3               0.0                0.0               8.3


      Total                                                  58.7              31.4               22.4             112.5


      The following values were determined in the previous year:

      T.56 PRESENT VALUE OF PENSION OBLIGATION 2023 (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                              Other
                                                        Germany      Great Britain         companies      PUMA Group

      Present value of pension obligation
        as of 31 December 2023
      Salary-based obligations
        Annuity                                               0.0                0.0               8.8               8.8
        One-off payment                                       0.0                0.0               9.1               9.1
      Non-salary based obligations
        Annuity                                              49.3              31.9                0.0              81.2
        One-off payment                                       8.2               0.0                0.0               8.2


      Total                                                  57.5              31.9               17.9             107.3


      The main pension arrangements are described below:

       The general pension scheme of PUMA SE essentially provides for pension payments to a maximum amount of
€127.82 per month and per eligible employee. It was closed for new members beginning in 1996. In addition, PUMA
SE provides individual commitments (fixed sums in different amounts) as well as contribution-based individual benefits
(in part from salary conversion). The contribution-based individual benefits are insured plans. There are no statutory
minimum funding requirements. The volume of domestic benefit obligations amounts to €58.7 million as of the end of
2024 (previous year: €57.5 million) and thus accounts for 52.2% (previous year: 53.6%) of the total obligation. The
fair value of the plan assets for the domestic obligations is €51.0 million (previous year: €50.4 million), while the
corresponding pension provision amounts to €7.7 million (previous year: €7.1 million).




                                                      – II-169 –
APPENDIX II                            FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      The defined benefit plan in Great Britain has been closed to new entrants since 2006. These are salary- and
service-dependent commitments for retirement, disability and surviving dependents’ pensions. In 2016, a growth cap of
1% p.a. on the pensionable salary was introduced. Partial capitalisation of the retirement pension is permitted. Statutory
minimum funding requirements apply. The liability for the benefit entitlements under the defined benefit plan in the
Great Britain amounted to €31.4 million at the end of 2024 (previous year: €31.9 million) and represents 27.9%
(previous year: 29.7%) of the total liability. The liability is covered by assets of €28.9 million (previous year: €29.7
million). The provision amounts to €2.5 million (previous year: €2.2 million).

      The present value of the pension obligation has developed as follows:

      T.57 DEVELOPMENT OF PRESENT VALUE OF PENSION OBLIGATION (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                              2024                   2023

      Present value of pension obligation as of 1 January                                    107.3                  104.3
      Cost of the pension obligation earned in the reporting year                              2.1                    2.0
      Interest expense on pension obligation                                                   4.8                    4.4
      Employee contributions                                                                   0.8                    0.6
      Benefits paid                                                                           -4.3                   -4.5
      Effects from transfers                                                                   0.1                    0.0
      Actuarial gains (-) and losses                                                           0.5                    0.1
      Currency exchange effects                                                                1.2                    0.5


      Present value of pension obligation as of 31 December                                  112.5                  107.3


      The changes in the plan assets are as follows:

      T.58 DEVELOPMENT OF PLAN ASSETS (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                              2024                   2023

      Plan assets as of 1 January                                                              85.2                  82.4
      Interest income on plan assets                                                            3.8                   3.5
      Actuarial gains and losses (-)                                                           -3.0                  -0.9
      Employer contributions                                                                    0.8                   1.2
      Employee contributions                                                                    0.8                   0.6
      Benefits paid                                                                            -3.2                  -2.2
      Currency exchange effects                                                                 1.2                   0.6


      Plan assets as of 31 December                                                            85.6                  85.2


      The pension provision for the Group is derived as follows:

      T.59 PENSION PROVISION (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                              2024                   2023

      Present value of pension obligation from benefit plans                                 112.5                  107.3
      Fair value of plan assets                                                              -85.6                  -85.2


      Financing status                                                                         26.9                  22.1


      Pension provision as of 31 December                                                      26.9                  22.1
        Thereof assets                                                                          0.4                   0.4
        Thereof liabilities                                                                    27.3                  22.5




                                                       – II-170 –
APPENDIX II                          FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      In 2024, the benefits paid amounted to €4.3 million (previous year: €4.5 million). Payments of €3.1 million are
expected for 2025. Of this, €1.0 million is expected to be paid directly by the employer. The employer contributions to
external plan assets in 2024 amounted to €0.8 million (previous year: €1.2 million). Employer contributions of €2.2
million are expected in 2025.

      The changes in pension provisions are as follows:

      T.60 DEVELOPMENT OF THE PENSION PROVISION (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                            2024                  2023

      Pension provision as of 1 January                                                     22.1                  21.9
      Pension expense                                                                        3.1                   2.8
      Actuarial gains (-) and losses recorded in other comprehensive
        income                                                                                3.5                   1.0
      Employer contributions                                                                 -0.8                  -1.2
      Direct pension payments made by the employer                                           -1.1                  -2.3
      Transfer values                                                                         0.1                   0.0
      Currency exchange differences                                                           0.0                  -0.2


      Pension provision as of 31 December                                                   26.9                  22.1
        Thereof assets                                                                       0.4                   0.4
        Thereof liabilities                                                                 27.3                  22.5

      The expenses in financial year 2024 are structured as follows:

      T.61 EXPENSES FOR DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                            2024                  2023

      Cost of the pension obligation earned in the reporting year                             2.1                   2.0
      Interest expense on pension obligation                                                  4.8                   4.4
      Interest income on plan assets                                                         -3.8                  -3.5
      Administration costs                                                                    0.0                   0.0


      Expenses for defined benefit plans                                                     3.1                   2.8
        Thereof personnel costs                                                              2.1                   1.9
        Thereof financial costs                                                              1.0                   0.9

       In addition to the defined benefit pension plans, PUMA also makes contributions to contribution plans. Payments
for financial year 2024 amounted to €21.3 million (previous year: €19.8 million).




                                                     – II-171 –
APPENDIX II                          FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

   Actuarial gains and losses recorded in Other comprehensive income:

   T.62 GAINS AND LOSSES RECORDED IN OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (IN € MILLION)

                                                                          2024   2023

   Revaluation of pension commitments                                      0.5    0.1


     Actuarial gains (-) and losses resulting from changes in
      demographic assumptions                                             -0.1   -0.7
     Actuarial gains (-) and losses resulting from changes in financial
      assumptions                                                         -0.5    0.0
     Actuarial gains (-) and losses due to adjustments based on
      experience                                                           1.1    0.8

   Revaluation of plan assets                                              3.0    0.9


   Amounts not recorded due to the maximum limit applicable to
     assets                                                                0.0    0.0
   Adjustment of administration costs                                      0.0    0.0
   Total revaluation amounts recorded directly in other
     comprehensive income                                                  3.5    1.0


   Plan assets investment classes:

   T.63 PLAN ASSETS INVESTMENT CLASSES (IN € MILLION)

                                                                          2024   2023

   Cash and cash equivalents                                               1.2    0.3
   Equity instruments                                                      6.1    6.0
   Bonds                                                                   7.0    7.4
   Investment funds                                                        3.5    3.2
   Derivatives                                                             7.8   10.0
   Real estate                                                             3.2    2.9
   Insurance                                                              51.3   50.6
   Other                                                                   5.5    4.9


   Total plan assets                                                      85.6   85.2


   Of which, investment classes with a quoted market price:

   T.64 PLAN ASSETS WITH A QUOTED MARKET PRICE (IN € MILLION)

                                                                          2024   2023

   Cash and cash equivalents                                               1.2    0.3
   Equity instruments                                                      6.1    6.0
   Bonds                                                                   7.0    7.4
   Investment funds                                                        3.5    3.2
   Derivatives                                                             7.8   10.0
   Real estate                                                             2.4    2.1
   Insurance                                                               0.0    0.0
   Other                                                                   5.4    4.7


   Plan assets with a quoted market price                                 33.4   33.7




                                                  – II-172 –
APPENDIX II                            FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      Plan assets still do not include the Group’s own financial instruments or real estate used by Group companies.

       The plan assets are used solely to fulfil the defined benefit obligations. In some countries, there are legal
requirements for the type and amount of funds to be selected, while in others (e.g. Germany), the financing of pension
obligations is on a voluntary basis. In Great Britain, a trustee board comprising representatives of the company and
employees is responsible for asset management. The investment strategy aims for long-term gains with tolerable
volatility. It was last revised in 2022 to reduce the risk profile. In 2023 and 2024, the trustees continued to monitor the
investment strategy.

      The following assumptions were used to determine pension obligations and pension expenses:

      T.65 ASSUMPTIONS USED TO DETERMINE THE PENSION OBLIGATIONS

                                                                                               2024                   2023

      Discount rate                                                                          4.17%                  4.55%
      Future pension increases                                                               2.00%                  1.93%
      Future salary increases                                                                2.24%                  2.05%

      The indicated values are weighted average values. A standard interest rate of 3.50% was applied for the eurozone
(previous year: 4.45%).

     The 2018 G Heubeck guideline tables were used as mortality tables for Germany. For Great Britain, the mortality
was assumed based on basic table series S4 taking into account life expectancy projections in accordance with
CMI2023 with a long-term trend of 1%.

       The following overview shows how the present value of pension obligations from benefit plans would have been
affected by changes to significant actuarial assumptions.

      T.66 SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS FOR PENSION OBLIGATION (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                               2024                   2023

      Effect on present value of pension obligations if
        the discount rate were 50 basis points higher                                           -3.9                  -3.7
        the discount rate were 50 basis points lower                                             4.3                   4.2

       Salary and pension trends have only a negligible effect on the present value of pension obligations due to the
structure of the benefit plans.

      The weighted average duration of pension obligations is around 12 years (previous year: around 12 years). This
disclosure is part of PUMA’s 2024 sustainability statement in accordance with ESRS S1-4.




                                                       – II-173 –
APPENDIX II                            FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

16.   OTHER PROVISIONS

      T.67 OTHER PROVISIONS (IN € MILLION)

                                    2023                                                        2024                      2023
                                           Currency
                                            changes,                                                       Thereof     Thereof
                                           transfers   Additions   Utilisation   Reversals             non-current non-current

      Provisions for:
      Warranties                     2.1         0.0         0.7          -0.3        -0.5       2.1          0.0          0.0
      Purchasing risks               7.4         0.0         0.8          -1.7        -2.6       3.9          0.0          0.0
      Litigation risks              13.9        -0.2         4.5          -3.4        -0.9      14.0          6.0          7.5
      Dismantling obligations       16.9         0.2         3.2          -2.1        -1.9      16.4         13.4         13.9
      Personnel provisions           5.9         8.4         5.5          -0.4        -0.2      19.2          9.9          5.9
      Other                          8.7         0.2         7.3          -3.3        -0.1      12.8          0.0          0.0


      Total                         55.0         8.6        22.1        -11.1         -6.3      68.2         29.3         27.3


       The warranty provision is determined on the basis of the historical value of sales generated during the past six
months. It is expected that the majority of these expenses will fall due within the first six months of the next financial
year. Purchasing risks relate primarily to materials and moulds that are required for the manufacturing of shoes and
result in cash outflows in the subsequent period.

      The provisions relating to dismantling obligations are predominantly long-term and are incurred in connection
with the retail stores, warehousing areas and office space rented by the Group. They are established on the basis of the
expected settlement values and the agreed rental periods. Estimates are made in relation to costs and the actual amount
of time that such properties are in use.

       Personnel provisions mainly relate to non-current variable compensation components. The litigation risks relate
to any form of legal dispute, including those relating to trademark and patent rights. The other provisions relate to
other risks, in particular those associated with sourcing.

      Current provisions are expected to be paid out in the following year, non-current provisions are expected to be
paid out in a period of up to ten years. There are no significant compounding effects. The recognition and valuation of
provisions is based on past experience of similar transactions. All events until the preparation of the consolidated
financial statements are taken into account here.

17.   EQUITY

      SUBSCRIBED CAPITAL

              The subscribed capital corresponds to the subscribed capital of PUMA SE.

            The subscribed capital as at the balance sheet date pursuant to the Articles of Association amounted to
      €149,698,196.00 (previous year: €150,824,640.00) and is divided into 149,698,196 (previous year: 150,824,640)
      no-par value shares with voting rights. This corresponds to a proportional amount of €1.00 per share.

              In financial year 2024, the registered share capital was reduced by €1,126,444.

           All shares grant the same rights. The shareholders are entitled to receive the agreed dividends and have
      one voting right per share at the Annual General Meeting. This does not apply to treasury shares held by the
      Company, which do not grant the Company any rights.




                                                       – II-174 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

         Changes in the outstanding shares:

         T.68 CHANGE IN OUTSTANDING SHARES

                                                                                          2024                   2023

         Outstanding shares as of 1 January, share                                 149,844,544           149,758,644
         Repurchase of treasury stock, share                                        -1,128,961                     0
         Issue of treasury stock, share*                                               108,830                85,900


         Outstanding shares as of 31 December, share                               148,824,413           149,844,544


         *     The issue of treasury stock relates to compensation in connection with promotional and advertising
               agreements.

   AUTHORISED CAPITAL

        As of 31 December 2024, the Company’s Articles of Association provide for authorised capital totalling
   €30,000,000.00:

          Pursuant to Section 4.2. of the Articles of Association, the Management Board is authorised, with the
   consent of the Supervisory Board, to increase the Company’s share capital until 4 May 2026 by up to
   €30,000,000.00 (Authorised Capital 2021) by issuing up to 30,000,000 new no-par value bearer shares against
   cash and/or non-cash contributions on one or more occasions. In the case of capital increases against
   contributions in cash, the new shares may be acquired by one or several banks, designated by the Management
   Board, subject to the obligation to offer them to the shareholders for subscription (indirect subscription right).
   The shareholders shall generally be entitled to subscription rights. However, the Management Board is
   authorised, with the consent of the Supervisory Board, to exclude shareholders’ subscription rights in whole or in
   part in the cases specified in Section 4.2. of the Articles of Association.

          The Management Board of PUMA SE did not make use of the existing authorised capital in the current
   reporting period.

   CONDITIONAL CAPITAL

          By resolution of the Annual General Meeting of 11 May 2022, the Management Board was authorised until
   10 May 2027, with the consent of the Supervisory Board, through one or more issues, altogether or in parts and
   in various tranches at the same time, to issue bearer or registered convertible and/or option bonds, profit-sharing
   rights or participation bonds or a combination of these instruments with or without a term limitation in a total
   nominal amount of up to €1,500,000,000.00.

         The share capital was conditionally increased by up to €15,082,464.00 by issuing up to 15,082,464 new
   no-par value bearer shares (Conditional Capital 2022). The conditional capital increase shall only be
   implemented to the extent that conversion/option rights are exercised, or the option/conversion obligations are
   met or tenders are carried out and to the extent that other forms of performance are not applied.

         No use has been made of this authorisation to date.

   TREASURY STOCK

         The resolution adopted by the Annual General Meeting on 7 May 2020 authorised the Company to
   purchase treasury shares up to a value of 10% of the share capital until 6 May 2025. By resolution of the Annual
   General Meeting of 5 May 2021, the Supervisory Board was authorised to issue the acquired shares to the
   members of the Management Board of the Company, excluding the shareholders’ subscription rights. By
   resolution of the Annual General Meeting of 11 May 2022, the Management Board was, moreover, authorised to
   issue the acquired shares, excluding the shareholders’ subscription rights, as part of the Company’s or its




                                                  – II-175 –
APPENDIX II                       FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

   affiliated companies’ share-based payments or employee share programmes to individuals currently or formerly
   in an employment relationship with the Company or one of its affiliated companies or to members of the
   management of one of the Company’s affiliated companies. If purchased through the stock exchange, the
   purchase price per share must not exceed 10% or fall below 20% of the average closing price for the Company’s
   shares with the same attributes in the XETRA trading system (or a comparable successor system) during the last
   three trading days prior to the date of purchase.

         Based on the aforementioned authorisation dated 7 May 2020/5 May 2021, the Management Board of
   PUMA SE approved a share buyback programme on 29 February 2024. The first tranche provides for the
   buyback of treasury shares with a total purchase price of up to €100 million and began on 6 March 2024 for the
   period until 6 May 2025. The repurchased shares will be redeemed in accordance with the authorisation granted
   by the 2020 Annual General Meeting.

         By resolution of the Annual General Meeting on 22 May 2024, the aforementioned authorisation to acquire
   and utilise treasury shares was revoked and the Company was again authorised to acquire treasury shares of up to
   ten percent of the share capital until 21 May 2029. Furthermore, the Supervisory Board was authorised to issue
   the acquired shares to the members of the Management Board of the Company, excluding the shareholders’
   subscription rights. In addition, the Management Board was authorised to issue the acquired shares, excluding
   the shareholders’ subscription rights, as part of the Company’s or its affiliated companies’ share-based payments
   or employee share programmes to individuals currently or formerly in an employment relationship with the
   Company or one of its affiliated companies or to members of the management of one of the Company’s affiliated
   companies. If purchased through the stock exchange, the purchase price per share must not exceed 10% or fall
   below 20% of the average closing price for the Company’s shares with the same attributes in the XETRA trading
   system (or a comparable successor system) during the last three trading days prior to the date of purchase.

         As of the balance sheet date, the Company holds a total of 873,783 PUMA shares in its own portfolio,
   which corresponds to 0.58% of the subscribed capital.

   REPURCHASE OF TREASURY SHARES

         On 29 February 2024, the Management Board of PUMA SE approved a share buyback programme on the
   basis of the authorisation granted by the Annual General Meeting on 7 May 2020/5 May 2021. The first tranche
   provides for the buyback of treasury shares with a total purchase price of up to €100 million and begins in
   March 2024 for the period until 6 May 2025.

         In the period from March 2024 up to and including 31 December 2024, PUMA SE acquired 1,128,961
   shares in the first tranche at a total price of €49,999,986.41 (excluding acquisition costs) and an average
   purchase price of €44.29 per share. This corresponded to 0.75% of the subscribed capital.

        The repurchased shares serve the purposes stated in the aforementioned authorisation, in particular
   redemption. PUMA SE has withdrawn 1,126,444 units of the repurchased shares by resolution of the Board of
   Management dated 26 November 2024.




                                                  – II-176 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

         Further information on the repurchase of treasury shares can be found in the following table.

         T.69 REPURCHASE OF TREASURY SHARES IN THE FINANCIAL YEAR

                                                                      Average      Amount in the     Amount in the
                                 Number of     Total price in   purchase price           nominal          nominal
         Month                      shares                 €    per share in €       capital in €     capital in %

         January                          –                 –                 –                 –                 –
         February                         –                 –                 –                 –                 –
         March                      105,713      4,310,868.52             40.78           105,713             0.07%
         April                       88,714      3,706,587.20             41.78            88,714             0.06%
         May                         85,933      4,120,879.78             47.95            85,933             0.06%
         June                       420,053     19,152,694.86             45.60           420,053             0.28%
         July                       417,373     18,253,518.89             43.73           417,373             0.28%
         August                       3,386        133,635.38             39.47             3,386             0.00%
         September                    2,096         79,852.16             38.10             2,096             0.00%
         October                      2,198         85,187.58             38.76             2,198             0.00%
         November                     1,378         61,630.85             44.72             1,378             0.00%
         December                     2,117         95,131.19             44.94             2,117             0.00%


         Total                    1,128,961     49,999,986.41             44.29         1,128,961             0.75%


   DIVIDENDS

         The amounts eligible for distribution relate to the retained earnings of PUMA SE, which is determined in
   accordance with German commercial law.

          The Management Board and the Supervisory Board will propose to the Annual General Meeting that, from
   the retained earnings of PUMA SE for financial year 2024, a dividend of €0.61 (previous year: €0.82) per
   circulating share, or a total of €90.8 million (with respect to the circulating shares as of 31 December 2024), be
   distributed to the shareholders.

         Proposed appropriation of the retained earnings of PUMA SE:

         T.70 PROPOSED APPROPRIATION OF THE RETAINED EARNINGS OF PUMA SE

                                                                                         2024                   2023

         Retained earnings of PUMA SE as of 31 December, € million                      510.5                  486.4
         Retained earnings available for distribution, € million                        510.5                  486.4
         Dividend per share, €                                                           0.61                   0.82
         Number of outstanding shares*, share                                     148,824,413            149,719,682
         Total dividend*, € million                                                      90.8                  122.8
         Carried forward to the new accounting period*, € million                       419.8                  363.7

         *       Previous year’s values adjusted to the outcome of the Annual General Meeting

   RESERVES

         The equity reserves are broken down as follows:

   Capital reserve

         The capital reserve includes the premium from issuing shares, as well as amounts from the grant,
   conversion and expiry of share options.




                                                  – II-177 –
APPENDIX II                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      Revenue reserves incl. retained earnings

             The revenue reserves incl. retained earnings include the net earnings of the financial year as well as the
      earnings achieved in the past by the companies included in the consolidated financial statements to the extent
      that it was not distributed. In addition, the valuation effects from the pension provision recognised in other
      comprehensive income are recognised in retained earnings, together with fees paid for the repurchase of treasury
      shares that exceed the nominal amount.

      Difference from currency conversion

            The equity item for currency conversion serves to record the foreign exchange differences from the
      conversion of the financial statements of subsidiaries with non-euro accounting.

      Cash flow hedging reserve

            The position of “cash flow hedging reserve” comprises the fair value of cash flow hedges (intrinsic value
      for options and the spot component for forward contracts) in relation to hedged transactions that have not yet
      occurred.

      Reserve for hedging costs – options

            The position includes the fair value of costs of hedging for cash flow hedges according to the “cost of
      hedging” approach (time value component).

      Reserve for hedging costs – forward contracts

            The item includes the fair value of costs of hedging for cash flow hedges according to the ‘cost of hedging
      approach for forward transactions (forward component).

      NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS

            This item comprises non-controlling interests. The composition is shown in Chapter 28.

      CAPITAL MANAGEMENT

            The Group’s objective is to retain a strong equity base in order to maintain both investor and market
      confidence, and to strengthen future business performance.

            Capital management relates to the consolidated equity of PUMA. This is presented in the consolidated
      statement of financial position and in the consolidated statement of changes in equity.

18.   MANAGEMENT INCENTIVE PROGRAMMES

     Virtual shares with cash settlement and other global long-term incentive programmes are used at PUMA to tie the
management to the Company with a long-term incentive effect.

      The current programmes are described below:

      EXPLANATION OF “VIRTUAL SHARES”, TERMED “MONETARY UNITS” (FULL TERM: MONETARY
      UNITS PLAN – MUP)

             Monetary units were granted on an annual basis to members of the Management Board beginning in 2013
      as part of a management incentive programme. Monetary units are based on the PUMA share performance. Each
      of these monetary units entitles the holder to a cash payment at the end of the term. The entitled cash payment
      compares the performance using the average virtual appreciation rights of the last thirty trading days before the
      start of the year of issue with the virtual appreciation rights of the last thirty trading days before the exercise
      date. The maximum increase in value (cap) is limited to 300% of the amount allocated. Monetary units are




                                                      – II-178 –
APPENDIX II                         FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

   subject to a vesting period of three years. After that, there is an exercise period beginning 30 days after each
   quarterly publication date for a period of two years which can be freely used by participants for the purposes of
   execution. Virtual shares are reduced on a pro rata basis in the event of withdrawal during the vesting period.
   This programme will expire and be replaced by the Performance Share Plan. As a result, no more shares were
   issued from this programme in financial year 2024.

   EXPLANATION OF “VIRTUAL SHARES” (FULL TERM: PERFORMANCE SHARE PLAN – PSP)

          Virtual shares were granted on an annual basis to members of the Management Board beginning in 2021 as
   part of a management incentive programme. The virtual shares are based on the PUMA share performance. Each
   of these virtual shares entitles the holder to a cash payment at the end of the term. However, the Supervisory
   Board reserves the right to make the payment in PUMA shares instead of cash. This cash payout is based on the
   PUMA closing prices for the last thirty trading days before the exercise date. The final number of virtual shares
   is between 50% and 150%, depending on the relative Total Shareholder Returns (TSR) compared to the MDAX
   index. The PUMA and MDAX index TSRs are calculated using the arithmetic means of each of the TSR values
   on the 30 trading days before the start and end of the performance period. The averages calculated in this way
   for PUMA and the MDAX index are then compared with each other. The difference in percentage points between
   the PUMA TSR and the MDAX index TSR is then calculated (= TSR outperformance in percentage points). The
   maximum increase in value (cap) is limited to 300% of the amount allocated. Virtual shares are subject to a
   vesting period of four years. They are generally paid out within the first quarter of the fifth year after their issue.
   Virtual shares are reduced on a pro rata basis in the event of withdrawal during the vesting period. For the
   programmes issued in financial years 2021and 2022, the DAX acts as the basis for calculating virtual shares,
   while the MDAX index is used starting financial year 2023.

         In financial year 2024, expenses of €1.3 million were recorded for this purpose on the basis of the
   employment contract commitments to the Management Board members (previous year: expenses of €2.4
   million).




                                                    – II-179 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

         T.71 VIRTUAL SHARES, MEMBERS OF THE MANAGEMENT BOARD

         Plan                             MUP         PSP       MUP         PSP        PSP        PSP
         Issue date                    1/1/2021   1/1/2021   1/1/2022   1/1/2022   1/1/2023   1/1/2024

         Term                                5        4.25         5        4.25       4.25       4.25 Years
         Vesting period                      3           4         3           4          4          4 Years
         Base price PUMA share
           at issue                      86.23      86.23     106.95     106.95      51.86      54.92 EUR/share
         Reference value PUMA
           share at the end of the
           financial year                45.21      45.21      45.21      44.80      46.76      45.58 EUR/share
         Weighted share price at
           the time of exercise          40.84        0.00       0.00       0.00       0.00       0.00 EUR/share
         Participants in the year of
           issue                             3          2          1          3          4          5 Persons
         Participants at the end of
           the financial year                3          2          1          3          4          5 Persons
         Number of monetary
           units/virtual shares as
           of 1 January 2024            34,548      7,070     10,323     16,458     81,279     81,382 Shares
         Number of monetary
           units/virtual shares
           exercised in the
           financial year                -8,942         0          0          0          0          0 Shares
         Number of monetary
           units/virtual shares
           expired in the financial
           year                              0          0          0      -2,829   -12,197      -9,014 Shares


         Final number of
           monetary units/virtual
           shares as of
           31 December 2024             25,606      7,070     10,323     13,629     69,082     72,368 Shares


         This commitment consisting of share-based remuneration transactions with cash compensation is recorded
   as personnel provisions and remeasured at fair value on every balance sheet date, provided it has not been
   exercised yet. The expenses are recorded pro rata over the vesting period. Based on the valuation of external
   experts at fair value and taking into account exercises during the year in 2024, the provision for these
   programmes amounts to €5.3 million at the end of the fiscal year (previous year: €4.4 million).

   EXPLANATION OF THE “GAME CHANGER 2.0” PROGRAMME

          In 2018, the Long-Term Incentive Programme (LTIP) “Game Changer 2.0” was launched. Participants in
   this programme consist mainly of top executives reporting to the Management Board and individual key positions
   in the PUMA Group. The objective of this programme is to retain these employees in the Company on a
   long-term basis and to allow them to share in the medium-term success of the Company.

          The LTIP “Game Changer 2.0” consists of two plan parts, a Performance Cash Plan and a Performance
   Share Plan, each with a 50% share. The Performance Cash Plan gives a reward for the PUMA Group’s financial
   performance, while the Performance Share Plan gives a reward for the performance of the PUMA SE share in the
   capital market.




                                                  – II-180 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

          The performance period of the Performance Cash Plan is three years and is based on the average
   medium-term targets of the PUMA Group in terms of EBIT, sales and cash flow or working capital as a
   percentage of sales. Payment is made in cash and is limited to a maximum of 200% of the granted proportionate
   target amount (cap).

          The Performance Share Plan uses virtual shares to manage the incentive. The term is up to five years. This
   is divided into a three-year performance period and a two-year exercise period in which the virtual shares are
   paid out in cash. A payout is only possible at the four exercise times (6, 12, 18 or 24 months after the end of the
   performance period). The average share price of the last 30 trading days before the exercise date determines the
   value of a virtual share. The payout is limited to a maximum of 300% of the pro-rata Target Amount granted and
   will only be paid out if the defined exercise hurdle (if applicable) has been reached at least once during the
   Performance Period.

        The payment is subject to the condition that the individual participants are in an active, unterminated
   employment relationship with a PUMA Group company on the specified date.

   EXPLANATION OF THE “GAME CHANGER 2.0 – 2023” PROGRAMME

          In 2020, the global “Game Changer 2.0 – 2023” programme, as outlined above, was launched. The
   Performance Cash Plan is based on the following targets: EBIT (70%), cash flow (15%) and sales (15%). As part
   of the Performance Share component, payment is limited to a maximum of 300% of the granted proportionate
   target amount (cap). In the reporting year, an amount of €0.3 million (of which, €0.3 million from the
   Performance Share Plan) was paid out to the participants. €0.0 million was released for this programme in the
   year under review (previous year: release of €0.1 million). This resulted in a provision for this programme at the
   end of the financial year of €0.1 million (previous year: €0.5 million). The Performance Share Plan portion
   accounted for €0.1 million (previous year: €0.5 million).

   EXPLANATION OF THE “GAME CHANGER 2.0 – 2024” PROGRAMME

          In 2021, the global “Game Changer 2.0 – 2024” programme, as outlined above, was launched. The
   Performance Cash Plan is based on the following targets: EBIT (45%), working capital as a percentage of sales
   (15%), and sales (40%). As part of the Performance Share component, payment is limited to a maximum of 300%
   of the granted proportionate target amount (cap). An employment relationship until 31 December 2023 is
   required. In the reporting year, an amount of €2.2 million (of which, €0.8 million from the Performance Share
   Plan) was paid out to the participants. In addition, €0.8 million was released as a provision for this programme
   (previous year: €0.2 million) and a prorated amount of €0.0 million (previous year: €1.1 million) was set aside
   for this programme. This resulted in a provision for this programme at the end of the financial year of €0.3
   million (previous year: €3.4 million). The Performance Share Plan portion accounted for €0.3 million (previous
   year: €1.2 million).

   EXPLANATION OF THE “GAME CHANGER 2.0 – 2026” PROGRAMME

          In 2023, the global “Game Changer 2.0 – 2026” programme, as outlined above, was launched. The
   Performance Cash Plan is based on the following targets: EBIT (70%), cash flow (15%) and sales (15%). As part
   of the Performance Share component, payment is limited to a maximum of 300% of the granted proportionate
   target amount (cap). An employment relationship until 31 December 2025 is required. In the reporting year, a
   prorated amount of €1.5 million (previous year: €1.8 million) was set aside and €0.1 million was released as a
   provision for this programme (previous year: €0.0 million). This resulted in a provision for this programme at
   the end of the financial year of €3.1 million (previous year: €1.8 million). The Performance Share Plan portion
   accounted for €1.5 million (previous year: €1.0 million).




                                                  – II-181 –
APPENDIX II                       FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

   EXPLANATION OF THE “GAME CHANGER 2.0 – 2027” PROGRAMME

          In 2024, the global “Game Changer 2.0 – 2027” programme, as outlined above, was launched. The
   Performance Cash Plan is based on the following targets: EBIT (70%), cash flow (15%) and sales (15%). As part
   of the Performance Share component, payment is limited to a maximum of 300% of the granted proportionate
   target amount (cap). An employment relationship until 31 December 2026 is required. In the reporting year, a
   prorated amount of €1.0 million (previous year: €0.0 million) was set aside for this programme. This resulted in
   a provision for this programme at the end of the financial year of €1.0 million (previous year: €0.0 million). The
   Performance Share Plan portion accounted for €0.4 million (previous year: €0.0 million).

   EXPLANATION OF THE “ROAD 2 10B” PROGRAMME

          In 2022, the “Game Changer 2.0” programme was replaced by the one-time “Road 2 10B” long-term
   incentive programme (LTIP). The participants in this programme consist of key specialists and managers of the
   PUMA Group. The aim of this programme is to retain these employees in the long term and to allow them to
   participate in the medium-term success of the company.

          The LTIP “Road 2 10B” consists of two plan parts, a Performance Cash Plan and a Performance Share
   Plan, each with a 50% share. The Performance Cash Plan gives a reward for the PUMA Group’s financial
   performance, while the Performance Share Plan gives a reward for the performance of the PUMA SE share in the
   capital market.

         The Performance Cash Plan is focused on the following targets: EBIT, sales and working capital as a
   percentage of sales based on the three-year plan set by the Management Board of PUMA SE. For participants in
   the programme with an employment relationship at Group level, the target achievement is based on the following
   Group targets: EBIT (45%), sales (40%), and working capital as a percentage of sales (15%). For participants in
   the programme with an employment relationship at the national or regional level, 50% of the target achievement
   is based on achieving the Group targets. The remaining 50% is based on achieving the following targets at the
   national or regional level: EBIT (22.5%), sales (20%) and working capital as a percentage of sales (7.5%).
   Payment is limited to a maximum of 200% of the granted proportionate target amount (cap).

          The Performance Share Plan is based on the performance of the PUMA share price. The term is up to five
   years, divided into a three-year performance period and a subsequent two-year exercise period, in which the
   virtual shares are paid out in cash. A payout is only possible at the four exercise times (6, 12, 18 or 24 months
   after the end of the performance period). The average share price of the last 30 trading days before the exercise
   date determines the payout value of a virtual share. The payout is limited to a maximum of 300% of the granted
   prorated target amount (cap) and is only made if an exercise hurdle of +10% share-price appreciation is exceeded
   once during the performance period.

         In the reporting year, €0.5 million was released for this programme (previous year: €0.6 million) and €2.0
   million was added on a pro-rata basis (previous year: €0.8 million). This results in a provision for this
   programme of €7.6 million at the end of the financial year (previous year: €6.0 million). The performance share
   plan accounts for €0.0 million (previous year: €0.4 million).




                                                  – II-182 –
APPENDIX II                   FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      T.72 VIRTUAL SHARES, NON-MANAGEMENT BOARD MEMBERS

                                               Game     Game                  Game     Game
                                            Changer Changer        Road 2 Changer Changer
      Plan                                      2023     2024          10b     2026     2027
      Issue date                            1/1/2020 1/1/2021     1/1/2022 1/1/2023 1/1/2024

      Term                                        5           5         5        5         5 Years
      Vesting period                              3           3         3        3         3 Years
      Basis price at program start            67.69       86.23    106.95    51.86     54.92 EUR/share
      Reference value at the end of the
        financial year                        45.21       45.21      0.00    45.21     29.03 EUR/share
      Weighted share price at the time of
        exercise                              53.45       54.37      0.00      0.00     0.00 EUR/share
      Participants in the year of issue          60          76       486        84       59 Persons
      Participants at the end of the
        financial year                            8         24        428       77       59 Persons
      Number of virtual shares as of
        1 January 2024                        8,991    21,440      95,559   55,167    44,838 Shares
      Number of virtual shares expired in
        the financial year                        0          0     -7,532    -4,624       0 Shares
      Number of virtual shares added in
        the financial year (new
        participants)                             0          0          0      241        0 Shares
      Number of virtual shares exercised
        in the financial year                 -5,675   -14,061          0        0        0 Shares


      Final number of virtual shares as
        of 31 December 2024                   3,316       7,379    88,027   50,784    44,838 Shares




                                             – II-183 –
APPENDIX II                          FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT

19.   SALES

      Sales result from contracts with customers. The following tables show the breakdown by distribution channel and
product division:

      T.73 BREAKDOWN BY DISTRIBUTION CHANNEL (IN € MILLION)*

                                                                                            2024                  2023

      Wholesale                                                                          6,391.8               6,468.6
      Direct-to-consumer (DTC)                                                           2,425.4               2,133.0


      Total                                                                              8,817.2               8,601.7


      T.74 BREAKDOWN BY PRODUCT DIVISION (IN € MILLION)*

                                                                                            2024                  2023

      Footwear                                                                           4,733.6               4,583.4
      Apparel                                                                            2,813.9               2,763.0
      Accessories                                                                        1,269.7               1,255.3


      Total                                                                              8,817.2               8,601.7


      *       This information is part of PUMA’s 2024 Sustainability Declaration in accordance with ESRS 2 SBM-1,
              ESRS E1-5, ESRS E1-6 and ESRS E3-4.

20.   OTHER OPERATING INCOME AND EXPENSES

       According to the respective functions, other operating income and expenses include personnel, advertising, sales
and distribution expenses as well as rental and leasing expenditure, travel costs, legal and consulting expenses and
other general expenses. Rental and lease expenses associated with the Group’s own retail stores include revenue-based
rental components.




                                                     – II-184 –
APPENDIX II                            FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      Other operating income and expenses are allocated based on functional areas as follows:

      T.75 OTHER OPERATING INCOME AND EXPENSES (IN € MIO.)*

                                                                                               2024                   2023

      Sales and distribution expenses                                                       2,911.6                2,799.0
      Product management/merchandising                                                         89.3                   82.5
      Research & development                                                                   92.0                   89.0
      Administrative and general expenses                                                     495.6                  450.9


      Other operating expenses                                                              3,588.4                3,421.3
      Other operating income                                                                   -8.3                  -17.8


      Total                                                                                 3,580.2                3,403.5


      Thereof personnel expenses                                                              967.6                  894.4
      Thereof depreciation and amortisation                                                   370.2                  351.7
      Thereof impairment losses                                                                 7.9                    5.7
      Thereof reversals of impairment losses                                                  -29.4                  -11.9

      *       This information is part of PUMA’s 2024 Sustainability Declaration in accordance with ESRS E1-3, ESRS
              E2-2, ESRS E3-2, ESRS E4-3, ESRS E5-2, ESRS S2-4.

      Within the sales and distribution expenses, marketing/retail expenses account for a large proportion of the
operating expenses. In addition to advertising and promotional expenses, they also include expenses associated with the
Group’s own retail activities. Other sales and distribution expenses include logistics expenses and other variable sales
and distribution expenses.

      The expenses for product management/merchandising consist of personnel and material costs for the preparation
of product range plans, provision of product guidelines and market research.

       Research and development expenses include all costs incurred in connection with global or local development
activities.

      Administrative and general expenses mainly include personnel and material costs from the human resources, IT,
finance, law and general administration/management functional areas.

      Impairment losses in the reporting year amounted to €7.3 million for right-of-use assets (previous year: €5.7
million) and €0.6 for property, plant and equipment (previous year: €0.0 million). In contrast, there were reversals of
impairment losses on right-of-use assets amounting to €29.4 million (previous year: €11.9 million).

       In the consolidated financial statements of PUMA SE, fees of €2.7 million) (previous year: €2.0 million) are
recorded as operating expenses for the auditor of the consolidated financial statements, KPMG AG
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Nuremberg, Germany. The audit fee is divided into fees for audit services for the
annual and consolidated financial statements as well as the audit review of the half-year financial report in the amount
of €2.1 million (previous year: €1.8 million) and other assurance services amounting to €0.4 million (previous year:
€0.2 million) mainly for the audit of non-financial (consolidated) reporting (with full application of the first sentence
of ESRS as a framework) and other services in the amount of €0.2 million (previous year: €0.0 million), which related
to services rendered in connection with CSRD/ESG sustainability readiness in anticipation of a future audit of
sustainability reporting and, to a lesser extent, to quality assurance in the implementation of regulatory requirements. In
addition to expenses for PUMA SE, the fees also include the fees of the domestic and foreign subsidiaries audited
directly by the Group auditor.




                                                       – II-185 –
APPENDIX II                          FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      In financial year 2024, government grants amounted to a mid-single-digit million amount. Government grants are
deducted from the corresponding expenses.

      Other operating income comprises income from the sale of fixed assets in the amount of €2.3 million (previous
year: €8.5 million), capital gains from finance leases totalling €2.5 million (previous year: €8.0 million), and rental
income totalling €3.4 million (previous year: €1.4 million).

      Overall, other operating expenses include personnel costs, which consist of:

      T.76 PERSONNEL COSTS (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                            2024                  2023

      Wages and salaries                                                                   740.6                 688.7
      Social security contributions                                                        107.7                 101.2
      Expenses from share-based payments with cash compensation                              4.4                   5.2
      Expenses for retirement pension and other personnel expenses                         114.9                  99.3


      Total                                                                                967.6                 894.4


      In addition, cost of sales includes personnel costs in the amount of €17.7 million (previous year: €6.2 million).

      The average number of employees for the year was as follows:

      T.77 EMPLOYEES

                                                                                            2024                  2023

      Marketing/retail/sales                                                              13,564                13,092
      Research & development/product management                                            1,435                 1,360
      Administrative and general units                                                     3,669                 3,570


      Total annual average                                                                18,668                18,023


      As of the end of the year, a total of 19,599 individuals were employed (previous year: 18,681).




                                                     – II-186 –
APPENDIX II                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

21.   FINANCIAL RESULT

      The financial result consists of:

      T.78 FINANCIAL RESULT (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                             2024                  2023

      Interest income                                                                        28.9                  36.6
      Interest income – lease receivables                                                     2.5                   1.2
      Other financial income                                                                105.9                  74.9


      Financial income                                                                      137.3                 112.7


      Interest expense                                                                      -76.3                 -53.1
      Interest expense – lease liabilities                                                  -51.1                 -46.8
      Interest expense of valuation of pension plans                                         -1.0                  -0.9
      Loss from foreign currency-conversion, net                                            -88.5                 -69.4
      Other financial expenses                                                              -80.1                 -85.9


      Financial expenses                                                                   -297.0                -256.0


      Financial result                                                                     -159.7                -143.3


      Interest income comprises interest income from bank balances in the amount of €24.5 million (previous year:
€34.7 million) and other interest income in the amount of €4.5 million (previous year: €1.9 million).

      The item ‘Other financial income’ of €105.9 million (previous year: €74.9 million) includes, income from
forward components and the time value in connection with currency derivatives recognised in profit or loss in the
amount of €65.8 million (previous year: €65.4 million), but also hedging gains from free standing derivatives totalling
€39.8 million (previous year: €9.6 million), as well as dividend income of €0.4 million (previous year: €0.0 million)
from the investment in Borussia Dortmund GmbH & Co. KGaA (BVB).

       The item ‘interest expense’ includes €40.0 million (previous year: €28.2 million) in interest expense in
connection with borrowings and €36.3 million (previous year: €24.8 million) in interest expense for factoring and
other items.

      The item ‘Other financial expenses’ includes expenses from the forward component and the time value in
connection with currency derivatives of €51.7 million (previous year: €58.1 million), hedging losses from free
standing derivatives of €2.2 million (previous year: €4.1 million), the loss on net monetary position in connection with
hyperinflation of €17.4 million (previous year: €23.7 million), and the impairment of investment property of €8.8
million (previous year: €0.0 million).




                                                       – II-187 –
APPENDIX II                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

22.   INCOME TAXES

      T.79 INCOME TAXES (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                              2024                   2023

      Current income taxes                                                                   105.0                  140.6
      Deferred taxes                                                                          15.0                  -22.8


      Total                                                                                  120.0                  117.8


      Current income taxes include €4.6 million in out-of-period income (previous year’s income: €0.8 million).
Deferred taxes include tax income of €5.0 million (tax income in previous year: €0.3 million), which is attributable to
the occurrence or reversal of temporary differences.

      In general, PUMA SE and its German subsidiaries are subject to corporate income tax, plus a solidarity surcharge
and trade tax. Thus, a weighted mixed tax rate of 27.22% continued to apply for the financial year.

      Reconciliation of the theoretical tax expense with the effective tax expense:

      T.80 TAX RATE RECONCILIATION (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                              2024                   2023

      Earnings before income tax                                                             462.3                  478.3

      Theoretical tax expense
        Tax rate of the SE = 27.22% (previous year: 27.22%)                                  125.8                  130.2
      Tax rate difference with respect to other countries                                     -1.7                  -21.0
      Other tax effects:
        Income tax for previous years                                                          -7.3                   3.7
        Losses and temporary differences for which no tax claims were
          recognized                                                                           11.0                    6.4
        Changes in tax rates                                                                    3.0                   -0.4
        Current tax expense related to global minimum top-up tax                                5.4                    0.0
      Non-deductible expenses for tax purposes and non-taxable income
        and other effects                                                                     -16.2                   -1.1


      Effective tax expense                                                                  120.0                  117.8


      Effective tax rate                                                                     25.9%                 24.6%

       For financial year 2024, the total tax advantage from previously uncapitalised tax losses, tax credits or temporary
differences from previous years which led to a reduction in deferred tax expenses, amounted to €0.0 million (previous
year: €7.5 million). Deferred tax expenses due to an impairment of deferred tax assets amounted to €10.7 million in
the financial year (previous year: €11.3 million).

       The PUMA Group falls within the scope of application of the global minimum taxation under the Pillar 2 tax
legislation. The PUMA Group makes use of the exemption for the recognition of deferred taxes that result from the
introduction of global minimum taxation and recognises it as a current tax as soon as it is incurred.




                                                      – II-188 –
APPENDIX II                          FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      Hong Kong and the United Arab Emirates have adopted new tax legislation that provides for the introduction of
local minimum taxation from 1 January 2025. As a result, from 2025, the PUMA Hong Kong Ltd. and PUMA Middle
East FZ-LLC subsidiaries will be responsible for the minimum tax on their business activities rather than the parent
company, PUMA SE.

     The tax effect resulting from items that were directly included in other comprehensive income can be found in
Chapter 8.

23.   EARNINGS PER SHARE

      The earnings per share are determined in accordance with IAS 33 by dividing the consolidated annual surplus
(consolidated net earnings) attributable to the shareholders of the parent company by the weighted average number of
outstanding shares.

      The calculation is shown in the table below:

      T.81 EARNINGS PER SHARE

                                                                                         2024                  2023

      Net income ( € million)                                                           281.6                 304.9
      Weighted average number of outstanding shares (shares)                      149,320,990           149,852,251
      Earnings per share ( € )                                                           1.89                  2.03

      Net income for calculating the diluted earnings per share
        ( € million)                                                                    281.6                 304.9
      Weighted average number of outstanding shares (shares)                      149,320,990           149,852,251
      Dilutive effect from share-based payments                                        54,858                19,651
      Weighted average number of outstanding shares, diluted (shares)             149,375,847           149,871,901
      Earnings per share ( € ) – diluted                                                 1.89                  2.03




                                                     – II-189 –
APPENDIX II                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

24.   SEGMENT REPORTING

       Segment reporting is based on geographical areas of responsibility in accordance with the PUMA internal
reporting structure, with the exception of stichd. The geographical area of responsibility corresponds to the business
segment. Sales, the operating result (EBIT), earnings before taxes (EBT) and other segment information are allocated to
the corresponding geographical areas of responsibility according to the registered office of the respective Group
company.

      The internal management reporting includes the following reporting segments: Europe, EEMEA (Eastern Europe,
Middle East, Africa, India, Southeast Asia and Oceania), North America, Latin America, Greater China, rest of
Asia/Pacific (excluding Greater China, Southeast Asia and Oceania) and stichd. These are reported as reportable
business segments in accordance with the criteria of IFRS 8.

       The reconciliation includes information on assets, liabilities, expenses and income in connection with centralised
functions that do not meet the definition of business segments in IFRS 8. Central expenses and income include in
particular central sourcing, central treasury, central marketing, impairment losses on non-current assets and other global
functions of the Company headquarters.

      The Company’s main decision-maker is defined as the entire Management Board of PUMA SE.

      The external sales presented in the segment reporting are generated in each segment by the sale of footwear,
apparel and accessories. They include both wholesale revenues and revenues from own retail activities. The percentage
breakdown of sales revenues by wholesale business and own retail activities per segment essentially corresponds to the
group-wide breakdown (see Chapter 19). The Greater China segment is an exception, with wholesale revenue
accounting for around 50% of its sales. In the previous year, the stichd segment generated revenue almost exclusively
from wholesale customers.

      Business relations between the companies of the segments are based on prices that would also be agreed with
third parties. With the exception of stichd’s sales of goods in the amount of €57.8 million (previous year: €37.1
million), there are no significant internal revenues, which is why they are not included in the presentation.

       The most important earnings indicator for the management and allocation of resources by the Management Board
is the operating result (EBIT) of the business segments, which is defined as gross profit less attributable other
operating expenses plus licence and commission income and other operating income, but excluding central costs and
central marketing expenses.

       The external sales, operating result (EBIT), inventories and trade receivables of the business segments are
regularly reported to the main decision-maker. Amounts recognised by the Group from the intra-group profit
elimination on inventories in connection with intra-group sales are not allocated to the business segments in the way
that they are reported to the main decision-maker. Investments, depreciation and non-current assets at the level of the
business segments are not reported to the main decision-maker. Intangible assets are allocated to the business segments
in the manner described in Chapter 11. Liabilities, the financial result and income taxes are not allocated to the
business segments and are therefore not reported to the main decision-maker at the business segment level.

      Non-current assets and depreciation comprise the carrying amounts and depreciation of property, plant and
equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets during the past financial year. The investments comprise additions
to property, plant and equipment and intangible assets.

       Since PUMA is only active in the sporting goods industry business field, a further breakdown is made according
to the footwear, apparel and accessories product divisions in accordance with the internal reporting structure.




                                                      – II-190 –
APPENDIX II                      FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

   BUSINESS SEGMENTS

   T.82 BUSINESS SEGMENTS (IN € MILLION)

                                  Sales (third parties)             EBIT                  Capital expenditure
                                  1–12/2024    1–12/2023     1–12/2024   1–12/2023       1–12/2024    1–12/2023

   Europe                           2,061.0       2,016.0        268.9         251.4             41.5      25.8
   EEMEA*                           1,742.1       1,757.5        363.3         396.6             33.5      30.3
   North America                    2,124.9       2,095.9        323.6         295.0             49.4      75.5
   Latin America                    1,342.4       1,239.9        254.0         285.3             51.8      75.8
   Greater China                      604.0         582.2         98.0          84.5             13.8      10.3
   Asia/Pacific (excluding
      Greater China)*                 424.7        420.5          57.4          56.7              4.6       4.3
   stichd                             497.1        459.4          66.8          89.5             24.3      22.1


   Total business segments          8,796.2       8,571.3      1,432.0       1,458.9            218.7     244.1


   *     Due to a change in the structure of the internal organisation, Oceania was assigned to the EEMEA region
         and the previous year’s figures were adjusted accordingly

                                    Depreciation and                                       Trade receivables
                                      amortisation                Inventories                (third parties)
                                  1–12/2024    1–12/2023    31/12/2024 31/12/2023        31/12/2024 31/12/2023

   Europe                              67.3          61.7        541.8         498.5            218.4     196.4
   EEMEA*                              65.3          62.2        463.3         371.2            340.1     298.8
   North America                       87.2          83.3        468.0         466.1            214.1     204.9
   Latin America                       50.7          39.2        314.7         306.9            227.0     223.7
   Greater China                       30.5          29.3        150.4         109.6             71.6      40.6
   Asia/Pacific (excluding
      Greater China)*                  21.9          21.5         56.4          65.0             75.5      79.3
   stichd                              15.3          11.2        134.0         104.8             93.8      72.1


   Total business segments            338.2        308.3       2,128.7       1,922.0           1,240.6   1,115.7


   *     Due to a change in the structure of the internal organisation, Oceania was assigned to the EEMEA region
         and the previous year’s figures were adjusted accordingly

                                                                                  Non-current assets
                                                                                31/12/2024          31/12/2023

   Europe                                                                              521.3              477.4
   EEMEA*                                                                              225.0              211.7
   North America                                                                       815.5              741.8
   Latin America                                                                       256.0              221.5
   Greater China                                                                        87.9               91.8
   Asia/Pacific (excluding Greater China)*                                              97.8               96.2
   stichd                                                                              238.3              226.0


   Total business segments                                                         2,241.9               2,066.4




                                                – II-191 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

   *       Due to a change in the structure of the internal organisation, Oceania was assigned to the EEMEA region
           and the previous year’s figures were adjusted accordingly

   T.83 PRODUCT NET SALES (THIRD PARTIES IN € MILLION, GROSS PROFIT MARGIN IN %)

                                                    Sales (third parties)              Gross profit margin
                                                    1-12/2024        1-12/2023         1-12/2024       1-12/2023

   Footwear                                           4,733.6          4,583.4            46.9%                45.4%
   Apparel                                            2,813.9          2,763.0            48.1%                47.8%
   Accessories                                        1,269.7          1,255.3            47.6%                46.6%


   Total                                              8,817.2          8,601.7            47.4%                46.3%


   RECONCILIATIONS

   T.84 RECONCILIATIONS (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                    Sales (third parties)

                                                                                   1-12/2024            1-12/2023
   Total business segments                                                            8,796.2              8,571.3
   Central areas                                                                         20.9                 30.4


   Total                                                                             8,817.2                  8,601.7


                                                                                           EBIT
                                                                                   1-12/2024                1-12/2023

   Total business segments                                                           1,432.0                  1,458.9

   Central areas                                                                      -323.4                   -344.6
   Central expenses marketing                                                         -486.6                   -492.7
   Consolidation                                                                         0.0                      0.0


   Operating result (EBIT)                                                             622.0                    621.6
   Financial result                                                                   -159.7                   -143.3


   Earnings before taxes (EBT)                                                         462.3                    478.3


                                                     Capital expenditure          Depreciation and amortisation
                                                    1-12/2024        1-12/2023        1-12/2024       1-12/2023

   Total business segments                              218.7            244.1             338.2                308.3

   Central areas                                         41.4             55.5              32.0                 43.4
   Consolidation                                          0.0              0.0               0.0                  0.0


   Total                                                260.2            299.6             370.2                351.7




                                                  – II-192 –
APPENDIX II                            FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

                                                                       Trade receivables
                                            Inventories                  (third parties)            Non-current assets
                                      31/12/2024 31/12/2023          31/12/2024 31/12/2023        31/12/2024 31/12/2023

      Total business segments             2,128.7       1,922.0         1,240.6         1,115.7      2,241.9       2,066.4

      Central areas                           3.7            1.6            6.0             2.8        226.3         237.7
      Consolidation                        -118.6         -119.3            0.0             0.0          0.0           0.0


      Total                               2,013.7       1,804.4         1,246.5         1,118.4      2,468.3       2,304.1


      GEOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION

            Sales revenue (with third parties) is reported in the geographical market in which it arises. Non-current
      assets are allocated to the geographical market based on the registered office of the relevant subsidiary,
      regardless of the segment structure.

              T.85 GEOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION BY REGIONS (IN € MILLION)

                                                        Sales (third parties)                   Non-current assets
                                                        1-12/2024        1-12/2023            31/12/2024      31/12/2023

              Germany, Europe                                682.7              631.6               536.9            507.0
              USA, North America                           1,982.7            1,933.7               653.8            604.5
              Other countries                              6,151.7            6,036.5             1,277.6          1,192.6


              Total                                        8,817.2            8,601.7             2,468.3          2,304.1


25.   NOTES TO THE CASH FLOW STATEMENT

       The cash flow statement was prepared in accordance with IAS 7 and is structured based on cash flows from
operating, investing and financing activities. The indirect method is used to determine the cash outflow/inflow from
operating activities. The gross cash flow, derived from earnings before income tax and adjusted for non-cash income
and expense items, is determined within cash flow from operating activities. Cash outflow/inflow from operating
activities less investments in property, plant and equipment as well as intangible assets is referred to as free cash flow.

       The cash and cash equivalents reported in the cash flow statement include all cash and cash equivalents shown in
the statement of financial position under the item “Cash and cash equivalents”, i.e. cash on hand, checks and current
bank balances including short-term financial investments.




                                                       – II-193 –
APPENDIX II                            FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      The following table shows the cash and non-cash changes in financial liabilities in accordance with IAS 7.44A:

      T.86 RECONCILIATION OF FINANCIAL LIABILITIES TO THE CASH INFLOW/OUTFLOW FROM
           FINANCING ACTIVITIES 2024 (IN € MILLION)

                                                                   Non-cash changes
                                                                                Transfer
                                                     Effect of     IFRS 16         within
                                          Balance    exchange         Lease     financial              Cash       Balance
                               Notes      1/1/2024       rates   obligations   liabilities   Other   changes   31/12/2024

      Lease liabilities         10         1,232.4       19.2         201.4           0.0      0.0    -222.5      1,230.6
      Current borrowings        13           145.9        1.0           0.0          70.0      0.6     -86.0        131.6
      Non-current borrowings    13           426.1        0.0           0.0         -70.0      0.3       0.0        356.4


      Total                                1,804.4       20.3         201.4           0.0      0.9    -308.5      1,718.6


      T.87 RECONCILIATION OF FINANCIAL LIABILITIES TO THE CASH INFLOW/OUTFLOW FROM
           FINANCING ACTIVITIES 2023 (IN € MILLION)

                                                                   Non-cash changes
                                                                                Transfer
                                                     Effect of     IFRS 16         within
                                          Balance    exchange         Lease     financial              Cash       Balance
                               Notes      1/1/2023       rates   obligations   liabilities   Other   changes   31/12/2023

      Lease liabilities         10         1,230.4       -44.9        254.9          0.0         0    -208.0      1,232.4
      Current borrowings        13            75.9        -0.6          0.0        125.0       4.8     -59.1        145.9
      Non-current borrowings    13           251.5         0.0          0.0       -125.0       0.0     299.6        426.1


      Total                                1,557.8       -45.6        254.9           0.0      4.8      32.5      1,804.4


        The lease liabilities totalling €1,230.6 million (previous year: €1,232.4 million) comprise short-term lease
liabilities of €220.6 million (previous year: €212.4 million) and long-term leasing liabilities of €1,010.0 million
(previous year: €1,020.0 million).




                                                     – II-194 –
APPENDIX II                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

26.   OTHER FINANCIAL COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

      OTHER FINANCIAL OBLIGATIONS

            The Company has other financial obligations associated with license, promotional and advertising
      agreements, which give rise to the following financial obligations as of the balance sheet date:

            T.88 COMMITMENTS FROM LICENSE, PROMOTIONAL AND ADVERTISING AGREEMENTS
                 (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                              2024                   2023

            From license, promotional and advertising agreements:
              Due within one year                                                            491.6                  402.4
              Due between one and five years                                               1,346.9                1,203.5
              Due after five years                                                           929.9                  314.2


            Total                                                                          2,768.4                1,920.2


             As is customary in the industry, the promotional and advertising agreements provide for additional
      payments on reaching pre-defined goals (e.g. medals, championships). These are contractually agreed, but by
      their nature cannot be predicted exactly in terms of their timing and amount.

             In addition, there are other financial obligations amounting to €278.8 million (previous year: €246.5
      million), of which €153.3 million (previous year: €146.5 million) are long-term. In addition to service contracts
      totalling €276.7 million (previous year: €234.2 million), these also include other obligations amounting to €2.2
      million (previous year: €12.3 million).

      CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

             Individual PUMA companies are involved in legal disputes arising from normal operating activities, e.g.
      relating to intellectual property rights and employee matters. If an outflow of resources from these legal disputes
      is classified as probable and the amount of the obligation can be reliably estimated, the risks arising from these
      legal disputes are included in the other provisions. However, if the probability of occurrence is classified as low,
      these legal disputes are recognised as contingent liabilities, which are estimated at €0.3 million in this financial
      year (previous year: €0.8 million).

            Contingent liabilities also exist due to uncertainties in the appraisal of the facts by the tax and customs
      authorities in India and the tax authorities in the Netherlands. Based on external reports, management currently
      assumes that the receivables of the Indian and Dutch tax and customs authorities will not result in any cash
      outflow.

            Overall, the PUMA management considers that the impact of the total of the contingent liabilities on the
      net assets, financial position and results of operations of the Company is immaterial.

27.   COMPENSATION OF THE MANAGEMENT BOARD AND SUPERVISORY BOARD

      Disclosures pursuant to Section 314(1) 6 HGB (German Commercial Code [Handelsgesetzbuch]) in conjunction
with Section 315e HGB.

      COMPENSATION OF THE MEMBERS OF THE MANAGEMENT BOARD

            The total compensation of the members of the Management Board in financial year 2024 was €10.2
      million (previous year: €10.3 million).




                                                      – II-195 –
APPENDIX II                          FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

            The total remuneration of the Management Board includes the share-based remuneration granted for the
      financial year with a fair value of €4.5 million (previous year: €4.2 million) and 81,382 performance shares
      issued (previous year: 81,279).

      TOTAL COMPENSATION OF FORMER MEMBERS OF THE MANAGEMENT BOARD

           The total compensation of former members of the Management Board and their surviving dependants
      amounted to €5.6 million in financial year 2024 (previous year: €0.7 million).

             In addition, there were defined benefit pension obligations to former members of the Management Board
      and their widows/widowers amounting to €2.5 million (previous year: €2.4 million) as well as defined
      contribution plans from deferred compensation of former members of the Management Board and managing
      directors amounting to €47.3 million (previous year: €47.2 million). Both items are recognised accordingly
      within pension provisions to the extent they were not offset against plan assets of an equal amount.

      COMPENSATION OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD

           The compensation paid to the Supervisory Board comprised fixed compensation and additional
      compensation for committee activities, and amounted to a total of €0.5 million (previous year: €0.4 million).

28.   DISCLOSURES RELATING TO NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS

       The summarised financial information about subsidiaries of the Group in which non-controlling interests exist is
presented below. This financial information relates to all companies with non-controlling interests in which the
identical non-controlling shareholder holds an interest. The figures represent the amounts before intercompany
eliminations.

      Evaluation of the control of companies with non-controlling interests:

       The Group holds a 51% capital share in PUMA United North America LLC, PUMA United Canada ULC and
Janed Canada LLC (inactive company). With these companies, there are profit-sharing arrangements in place which
differ from the capital share for the benefit of the respective identical non-controlling shareholder. PUMA receives
higher license fees in exchange.

      In addition, there is a shareholding in the capital and the result, amounting to 70%, in the company PUMA
United Aviation North America LLC.

       The contractual agreements with these companies respectively provide PUMA with a majority of the voting
rights at the shareholder meetings, and thus the right of disposal regarding these companies. PUMA is exposed to
fluctuating returns from the sales-based license fees and from variable earnings. The Group also controls the key
activities of these companies. The companies are accordingly included in the consolidated financial statements as
subsidiaries with full consolidation with recognition of non-controlling interests.

      The non-controlling interests existing on the balance sheet date relate to PUMA United North America LLC,
PUMA United Canada ULC, Janed Canada, LLC (inactive) and PUMA United Aviation North America LLC at €0.9
million (previous year: €28.9 million).




                                                     – II-196 –
APPENDIX II                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      The following tables show a summary of the financial information for subsidiaries with non-controlling interests:

      T.89 ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                            2024                  2023

      Current assets                                                                       235.5                 112.9
      Non-current assets                                                                     7.9                   8.6
      Current liabilities                                                                  235.5                  85.3
      Non-current liabilities                                                                0.0                   0.0
      Net assets                                                                             7.9                  36.3
      Net assets attributable to non-controlling interests                                   0.9                  28.9

      T.90 INCOME STATEMENT (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                            2024                  2023

      Sales                                                                                427.9                 411.8
      Net income                                                                            61.7                  56.8
      Profit attributable to non-controlling interests                                      60.7                  55.7
      Other comprehensive income of non-controlling interests                                0.6                   4.3
      Total comprehensive income of non-controlling interests                               61.3                  54.2
      Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                           89.4                  92.4

      T.91 CASH (IN € MILLION)

                                                                                            2024                  2023

      Net cash from operating activities                                                    80.3                 101.8
      Net cash used in investing activities                                                  0.0                  -0.3
      Net cash used in financing activities                                                -80.3                -101.4
      Changes in cash and cash equivalents                                                   0.0                   0.0

29.   RELATED PARTY RELATIONSHIPS

      In accordance with IAS 24, relationships with related companies and persons that control or are controlled by the
PUMA Group must be reported. All natural persons and companies that can be controlled by PUMA, that can exercise
relevant control over the PUMA Group or that are under the relevant control of another related party of the PUMA
Group are considered to be related companies or persons within the meaning of IAS 24.

      As of 31 December 2024, there was one shareholder in PUMA SE that held more than 20% of the voting rights.
This shareholder was the Pinault family, through several companies controlled by them (in order of proximity to the
Pinault family: Financière Pinault S.C.A., Artémis S.A.S. and Kering S.A.). According to information provided by
Kering S.A., Kering S.A.’s interest in PUMA SE amounted to 0.0% of the share capital on 31 December 2024. Artémis
S.A.S. held 28.7% of the share capital of PUMA SE on 31 December 2024 (after the capital reduction as a result of the
share buyback programme). Since Artémis S.A.S. and Kering S.A. thus hold more than 20% of the voting rights in
PUMA SE, there is a presumption of significant influence in accordance with IAS 28.5 and IAS 28.6. They and all
other companies directly or indirectly controlled by Financière Pinault S.C.A. and which are not included in the
consolidated financial statements of PUMA SE, are considered to be related parties in the following.

      In addition, the disclosure obligation pursuant to IAS 24 extends to transactions with associated companies as
well as transactions with other related companies and persons.

     Transactions with related companies and persons largely concern sales of goods and licensing agreements under
normal market conditions.




                                                       – II-197 –
APPENDIX II                          FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      The following overview illustrates the scope of the business relationships:

      T.92 DELIVERIES AND SERVICES RENDERED AND RECEIVED (IN € MILLION)

                                                           Deliveries and                     Deliveries and
                                                         services rendered                   services received
                                                            2024               2023             2024             2023

      Companies included in the Artémis
        Group                                                 0.8               2.1              0.0              0.0
      Other related companies and persons                     0.0               0.0              0.0              0.0


      Total                                                   0.8               2.1              0.0              0.0


      T.93 NET RECEIVABLES AND LIABILITIES (IN € MILLION)

                                                       Net receivables from                    Liabilities to
                                                           2024             2023               2024              2023

      Companies included in the Artémis
        Group                                                 0.2               0.3              0.0              0.0
      Other related companies and persons                     0.0               0.0              0.0              0.0


      Total                                                   0.2               0.3              0.0              0.0


      Receivables from related companies and persons are not subject to value adjustments.

      CLASSIFICATION OF THE REMUNERATION                            OF   KEY   MANAGEMENT          PERSONNEL       IN
      ACCORDANCE WITH IAS 24.17:

            The members of key management personnel in accordance with IAS 24 are the Management Board and the
      Supervisory Board. These are counted as related parties.

             In financial year 2024, the remuneration of the members of the Management Board of PUMA SE for
      short-term benefits amounted to €5.7 million (previous year: €6.1 million), for termination benefits to €4.1
      million (previous year: €0.0 million) and the share-based payment €2.4 million (previous year: €1.4 million).
      Furthermore, just like in the previous year, no remuneration was granted in the form of other long-term benefits
      or in the form of post-employment benefits in the reporting year. Accordingly, the total expenditure for the
      reporting year amounted to €12.2 million (previous year: €7.5 million).

             In financial year 2024, the remuneration of the members of the Supervisory Board of PUMA SE for
      short-term benefits amounted to €0.5 million (previous year: €0.4 million).

30.   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

       The Management Board and the Supervisory Board submitted the required compliance declaration with respect to
the recommendations issued by the Government Commission German Corporate Governance Code pursuant to Section
161 of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz – AktG) and published it on the Company’s website
(https://about.puma.com/en/investor-relations/corporate-governance).




                                                     – II-198 –
APPENDIX II                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

31.   EVENTS AFTER THE BALANCE SHEET DATE

       As already announced in the publication of 22 January 2025, PUMA has initiated the comprehensive efficiency
programme ‘nextlevel’, with the aim of translating sales growth into higher profitability growth in the future through
cost optimisation. To this end, direct and indirect costs are to be optimised and personnel costs aligned with the
strategic growth areas. The programme is expected to result in one-time costs, which will be offset by cost savings in
2025 and subsequent years.

       No further events took place after the balance sheet date that had a material impact on the net assets, financial
position and results of operations of the PUMA Group.

32.   DATE OF RELEASE

       The Management Board of PUMA SE released the consolidated financial statements on 11 March 2025 for
distribution to the Supervisory Board. The task of the Supervisory Board is to review the consolidated financial
statements and state whether it approves them.

      Herzogenaurach, 11 March 2025



      The Management Board




      Freundt       Neubrand        Valdes

      This is a translation of the German version. In case of doubt, the German version shall apply.




                                                     – II-199 –
APPENDIX II                     FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

APPENDIX 1 OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT

MEMBERS OF THE MANAGEMENT BOARD AND SUPERVISORY BOARD AND THEIR
MANDATES STATUS: 31 DECEMBER 2024

MEMBERS OF THE MANAGEMENT BOARD AND THEIR MANDATES

Arne Freundt
Chief Executive Officer (CEO)

Hubert Hinterseher (until 30 September 2024)
Chief Financial Officer (CFO)

Markus Neubrand (since 1 October 2024)
Chief Financial Officer (CFO)

Anne-Laure Descours (until 31 December 2024)
Chief Sourcing Officer (CSO)

Maria Valdes
Chief Product Officer (CPO)

MEMBERS OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD AND THEIR MANDATES

Héloïse Temple-Boyer (first elected on 18 April 2019)
(Chair)
Paris, France

Deputy CEO of ARTÉMIS S.A.S., Paris/France

Membership in other statutory supervisory boards in Germany: None

Membership in comparable domestic and foreign controlling bodies of commercial enterprises
(Information according to the requirements of Section 285 no. 10 German Commercial Code
(Handelsgesetzbuch, HGB))*:

    •    Kering S.A., Paris/France**

    •    Christie’s International Plc., London/ United Kingdom**

    •    CAA LL.C., Los Angeles/USA**

    •    Giambattista Valli S.A.S., Paris/France

    •    Société d’exploitation de l’hebdomadaire le Point S.A., Paris/France



                                          – II-200 –
APPENDIX II                       FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

     •    Pinault Collection, Paris/France

     •    Royalement Vôtre Editions S.A.S., Paris/France

*    All mandates are mandates within the ARTÉMIS/KERING-Group. Only Kering S.A. is a listed company.

**   Mandates at non-group listed companies or comparable functions within the meaning of recommendation C.4 of
     the GCGC.


Thore Ohlsson (first elected on 21 May 1993, until 22 May 2024)
(Deputy Chair until 22 May 2024)
Falsterbo, Sweden

President of Elimexo AB, Falsterbo/Sweden

Membership in other statutory supervisory boards in Germany: None

Membership in comparable domestic and foreign controlling bodies of commercial enterprises
(Information according to the requirements of Section 285 no. 10 German Commercial Code
(Handelsgesetzbuch, HGB)):

     •    Tomas Frick AB, Vellinge/Sweden

     •    Orrefors Kosta Boda AB, Kosta/Sweden

     •    Infinitive AB, Malmö/Sweden

     •    Friskvårdcenter AB, Malmö/Sweden

     •    Totestories AB, Vellinge/Sweden

Jean-Marc Duplaix (first elected on 24 May 2023)
(Deputy Chair since 22 May 2024)
Paris, France

Deputy CEO of Kering S.A., Paris/France

Membership in other statutory supervisory boards in Germany: None

Membership in comparable domestic and foreign controlling bodies of commercial enterprises
(Information according to the requirements of Section 285 no. 10 German Commercial Code
(Handelsgesetzbuch, HGB))*

     •    Balenciaga S.A.S., Paris/France

     •    Yves Saint Laurent S.A.S., Paris/France



                                                 – II-201 –
APPENDIX II                      FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

    •    Balenciaga Operations S.A.S., Paris/France

*   The mandates are mandates within the Kering-Group. Kering S.A. is a listed company. Balenciaga S.A.S., Yves
    Saint Laurent S.A.S., and Balenciaga Operations S.A.S. are not listed.


Harsh Saini (first elected on 22 May 2024)
London, United Kingdom

Independent Management Consultant for non-profit organisations

Membership in other statutory supervisory boards in Germany: None

Membership in comparable domestic and foreign controlling bodies of commercial enterprises:
None

Roland Krüger (first elected on 22 May 2024)
Singapore

Member of the Board of Directors of Weybourne Holdings Pte. Ltd. (note: The Dyson Family
Office), Singapore

Membership in other statutory supervisory boards in Germany: None

Membership in comparable domestic and foreign controlling bodies of commercial enterprises
(Information according to the requirements of Section 285 no. 10 German Commercial Code
(Handelsgesetzbuch, HGB)):

    •    Weybourne Holdings Pte. Ltd.*

*   Mandate at non-group listed company or comparable function within the meaning of recommendation C.4 of the
    GCGC.


Fiona May (first elected on 18 April 2019)
Calenzano, Italy

Independent Management Consultant

Membership in other statutory supervisory boards in Germany: None

Membership in comparable domestic and foreign controlling bodies of commercial enterprises:
None




                                                – II-202 –
APPENDIX II                   FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

Martin Köppel (first elected on 25 July 2011)
(Employees’ Representative)
Adelsdorf, Germany

Chair of the Works Council of PUMA SE

Membership in other statutory supervisory boards in Germany: None

Membership in comparable domestic and foreign controlling bodies of commercial enterprises:
None

Bernd Illig (first elected on 9 July 2018)
(Employees’ Representative)
Bechhofen, Germany

Teamhead IT Endpoint Management of PUMA SE

Membership in other statutory supervisory boards in Germany: None

Membership in comparable domestic and foreign controlling bodies of commercial enterprises:
None

SUPERVISORY BOARD COMMITTEES

Personnel Committee

•    Héloïse Temple-Boyer (Chair)

•    Roland Krüger (since 22 May 2024)

•    Fiona May

•    Martin Köppel

Audit Committee

•    Jean-Marc Duplaix (Chair)

•    Thore Ohlsson (until 22 May 2024)

•    Roland Krüger (since 22 May 2024)

•    Harsh Saini (since 13 June 2024)

•    Fiona May (since 22 May 2024)



                                             – II-203 –
APPENDIX II                 FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

•   Bernd Illig

Nominating Committee

•   Roland Krüger (Member and Chair since 22 May 2024)

•   Héloïse Temple-Boyer (Chair until 22 May 2024)

•   Fiona May (until 22 May 2024)

•   Jean-Marc Duplaix (until 22 May 2024)

•   Harsh Saini (since 13 June 2024)

Sustainability Committee

•   Harsh Saini (Member and Chair since 13 June 2024)

•   Fiona May (Chair until 13 June 2024)

•   Héloïse Temple-Boyer (until 22 May 2024)

•   Martin Köppel

•   Bernd Illig (since 22 May 2024)




                                           – II-204 –
APPENDIX II                    FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

DECLARATION BY THE LEGAL REPRESENTATIVES

     We state to the best of our knowledge that the consolidated financial statements give a true
and fair view of the net assets, financial position and results of operations of the Group in
accordance with the applicable accounting principles, and that the Group management report,
which is combined with the Management report of PUMA SE for the financial year 2024,
provides a true and fair view of the course of the development and performance of the business
and the position of the Group, together with a description of the principal risks and opportunities
associated with the expected performance of the Group.

Herzogenaurach, 11 March 2025


The Management Board




Freundt     Neubrand       Valdes




                                            – II-205 –
APPENDIX II                    FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

To PUMA SE, Herzogenaurach

REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
OF THE COMBINED MANAGEMENT REPORT

OPINIONS

      We have audited the consolidated financial statements of PUMA SE, Herzogenaurach, and
its subsidiaries (the Group), which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as
of December 31, 2024, and the consolidated income statement, the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement
of cash flows for the financial year from January 1 to December 31, 2024, and notes to the
consolidated financial statements, including significant information on the accounting policies.
In addition, we have audited the management report of the Company and the Group (combined
management report) of PUMA SE for the financial year from January 1 to December 31, 2024.

     In accordance with German legal requirements, we have not audited the content of those
components of the combined management report specified in the ‘Other Information’ section of
our auditor’s report.

     In our opinion, on the basis of the knowledge obtained in the audit,

     •    the accompanying consolidated financial statements comply, in all material respects,
          with the IFRS Accounting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards
          Board (IASB) (hereinafter referred to as “IFRS Accounting Standards”) as adopted by
          the EU, and the additional requirements of German commercial law pursuant to
          Section 315e (1) HGB [Handelsgesetzbuch: German Commercial Code] and, in
          compliance with these requirements, give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities,
          and financial position of the Group as of December 31, 2024, and of its financial
          performance for the financial year from January 1 to December 31, 2024, and

     •    the accompanying combined management report as a whole provides an appropriate
          view of the Group’s position. In all material respects, this combined management
          report is consistent with the consolidated financial statements, complies with German
          legal requirements and appropriately presents the opportunities and risks of future
          development. Our opinion on the combined management report does not cover the
          content of those components of the combined management report specified in the
          ‘Other Information’ section of the auditor’s report.

     Pursuant to Section 322 (3) sentence 1 HGB, we declare that our audit has not led to any
reservations relating to the legal compliance of the consolidated financial statements and of the
combined management report.




                                            – II-206 –
APPENDIX II                    FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

BASIS FOR THE OPINIONS

      We conducted our audit of the consolidated financial statements and of the combined
management report in accordance with Section 317 HGB and the EU Audit Regulation No
537/2014 (referred to subsequently as ‘EU Audit Regulation’), and in compliance with German
Generally Accepted Standards for Financial Statement Audits promulgated by the Institut der
Wirtschaftsprüfer [Institute of Public Auditors in Germany] (IDW). Our responsibilities under
those requirements and principles are further described in the ‘Auditor’s Responsibilities for the
Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements and of the Combined Management Report’
section of our auditor’s report. We are independent of the group entities in accordance with the
requirements of European law and German commercial and professional law, and we have
fulfilled our other German professional responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.
In addition, in accordance with Article 10 (2)(f) of the EU Audit Regulation, we declare that we
have not provided non-audit services prohibited under Article 5 (1) of the EU Audit Regulation.
We believe that the evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
for our opinions on the consolidated financial statements and on the combined management
report.

KEY AUDIT MATTERS IN THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most
significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements for the financial year from
January 1 to December 31, 2024. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, we do not
provide a separate opinion on these matters.

REVENUE RECOGNITION CUT-OFF FOR WHOLESALE CUSTOMERS

     Please refer to Sections 2 and 19 in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for
further information on the accounting policies applied.

THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT RISK

     The consolidated financial statements of PUMA SE for financial year 2024 report revenue
of EUR8,817.2 million. Revenue includes revenue of EUR6,391.8 million from the sale of goods
to wholesale customers.

      The Group recognizes revenue from the sale of goods to wholesale customers when it
fulfils a performance obligation through the transfer of a promised asset to a customer. An asset
is transferred when (or as) the customer obtains control of that asset. In accordance with the
transfer of control, revenue from wholesale customers is recognized at a point in time in the
amount to which the Group is entitled.




                                           – II-207 –
APPENDIX II                    FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

     The Management Board of PUMA SE has defined the criteria for the recognition of revenue
at a point in time in a group-wide accounting policy and implemented processes for correct
recognition and cut-off.

     In the final weeks prior to the reporting date, a range of transactions with wholesale
customers take place with individual contractual agreements on the transfer of risk. In addition,
there are internally defined and externally communicated revenue targets for the financial year,
which represent a key benchmark for measuring corporate success.

     There is the risk for the consolidated financial statements that revenue in the reporting year
is overstated due to it being recognized in the wrong period, meaning that it is not recorded on
an accrual basis.

OUR AUDIT APPROACH

     In order to audit revenue recognition cut-off for wholesale customers, we assessed the
design, setup and effectiveness of the internal controls relating to outgoing goods and the
acceptance of goods and invoicing, in particular the determination and verification of the correct
transfer of control. In addition, we reviewed the presentation of revenue recognition in the
group-wide accounting policy to ensure compliance with IFRS 15.

     Furthermore, we assessed revenue recognition cut-off for wholesale customers by
reconciling invoices with the related orders, underlying contracts and external delivery records.
This was based on revenue recognized at the end of December 2024 and selected using a
mathematical/statistical procedure.

OUR OBSERVATIONS

     PUMA SE’s approach to revenue recognition cut-off with wholesale customers is
appropriate.

IMPAIRMENT TESTING OF RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS FOR RETAIL STORES

     For information on the accounting policies applied, please refer to Sections 2 and 10 in the
notes to the consolidated financial statements.

THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT RISK

      As of December 31, 2024, right-of-use assets of EUR 1,116.8 million are recognized in the
consolidated financial statements of PUMA SE. A significant portion of the right-of-use assets is
attributable to retail stores (EUR 528.9 million). Right-of-use assets amount to 15.6% of the
group’s total assets and thus have a material influence on the Group’s net assets.

     Owing to the large number of leases and the resulting transactions, the Parent Company has
set up group-wide processes and controls for the measurement of leases.



                                            – II-208 –
APPENDIX II                    FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      Right-of-use assets for retail stores are tested for impairment at the level of the individual
retail stores as cash-generating units. The impairment test compares the carrying amount of the
cash-generating unit with its recoverable amount. The Parent Company determines the
recoverable amount for the retail stores indicating potential impairment by routinely using the
discounted cash flow method. If the carrying amount exceeds the recoverable amount, an
impairment loss is recognized for the right-of-use asset of the cash-generating unit. The
recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs to sell and its value in use.

     Impairment testing of right-of-use assets for retail stores based on the value in use is
complex and based on a range of assumptions that require judgment. Among others, these
include the business and earnings performance of the retail store for the next year, the assumed
growth rates, the applied discount rate and the use of extension options. The Group recognized
impairment losses in the amount of EUR 7.3 million for right-of-use assets for retail stores
during the financial year.

      In particular, due to the judgments for measuring right-of-use assets for retail stores based
on the value in use, there is the risk for the consolidated financial statements that an impairment
of right-of-use assets may not be identified.

OUR AUDIT APPROACH

     Using the information obtained during our audit, we assessed whether there were any
indicators of impairment for right-of-use assets for retail stores. In doing so, we thoroughly
examined the Parent Company’s approach to determining the need to recognize impairment
losses and, based on the information obtained in the course of our audit, assessed whether there
were any indications of impairment that had not been identified by the Parent Company.

     With the involvement of our valuation specialists, we then assessed (among other elements)
the appropriateness of the Parent Company’s calculation method for a sample of retail stores
selected based on risk. For this purpose we discussed the expected business and earnings
development for the retail stores selected in this sample and the assumed growth rates with those
responsible for planning. Where accounting judgments were made for determining the lease
term, we examined these judgments to determine whether the underlying assumptions were
comprehensible in light of the prevailing market conditions and risks in the industry.

      We also assessed the accuracy of the Parent Company’s previous forecasts for the affected
right-of-use assets by comparing the budgets from the previous financial year for the selected
retail stores in the sample with the actual results, and we analyzed any deviations. Further, we
compared the assumptions and data underlying the discount rates with our own assumptions and
publicly available data. We also assessed whether the calculation method for the discount rate
was appropriate.

     We verified the computational accuracy of the carrying amount of the right-of-use assets
determined by PUMA SE for the retail stores included in the sample.




                                            – II-209 –
APPENDIX II                    FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

     In order to take forecast uncertainty into account, we examined the impact of potential
changes in the discount rate, earnings performance and long-term growth rates on the value in
use by calculating alternative scenarios for the selected sample and comparing these with the
values stated by the Group (sensitivity analysis).

OUR OBSERVATIONS

     The calculation method used for impairment testing of right-of-use assets for retail stores is
appropriate and in line with the accounting policies to be applied.

     The Parent Company’s assumptions and data used for the measurement of the right-of-use
assets for retail stores are appropriate.

OTHER INFORMATION

     The Management Board and/or the Supervisory Board are/is responsible for the other
information. The other information comprises the following components of the combined
management report, whose content was not audited:

     •    the combined non-financial statement for the Company and the Group, which is
          contained in the combined management report, and

     •    the combined corporate governance statement for the Company and the Group referred
          to in the combined management report.

     The other information also includes the remaining parts of the annual report. The other
information does not include the consolidated financial statements, the combined management
report information audited for content and our auditor’s report thereon.

     Our opinions on the consolidated financial statements and on the combined management
report do not cover the other information, and consequently we do not express an opinion or any
other form of assurance conclusion thereon.

     In connection with our audit, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in so
doing, to consider whether the other information

     •    is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements, with the
          combined management report information audited for content or our knowledge
          obtained in the audit, or

     •    otherwise appears to be materially misstated.




                                            – II-210 –
APPENDIX II                     FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE MANAGEMENT BOARD AND THE SUPERVISORY
BOARD FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND THE COMBINED
MANAGEMENT REPORT

     The Management Board is responsible for the preparation of consolidated financial
statements that comply, in all material respects, with IFRS Accounting Standards as adopted by
the EU and the additional requirements of German commercial law pursuant to Section 315e (1)
HGB and that the consolidated financial statements, in compliance with these requirements, give
a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position, and financial performance of the
Group. In addition, the Management Board is responsible for such internal control as it has
determined necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud (i.e., fraudulent financial reporting and
misappropriation of assets) or error.

     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Management Board is responsible
for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. It also has the responsibility for
disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern. It also has the responsibility for
disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern. In addition, it is responsible for
financial reporting based on the going concern basis of accounting unless there is an intention to
liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or there is no realistic alternative but to do so.

     Furthermore, the Management Board is responsible for the preparation of the combined
management report that, as a whole, provides an appropriate view of the Group’s position and is,
in all material respects, consistent with the consolidated financial statements, complies with
German legal requirements, and appropriately presents the opportunities and risks of future
development. In addition, the Management Board is responsible for such arrangements and
measures (systems) as they have considered necessary to enable the preparation of a combined
management report that is in accordance with the applicable German legal requirements, and to
be able to provide sufficient appropriate evidence for the assertions in the combined
management report.

     The Supervisory Board is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting
process for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements and of the combined
management report.




                                             – II-211 –
APPENDIX II                    FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND OF THE COMBINED MANAGEMENT REPORT

     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and
whether the combined management report as a whole provides an appropriate view of the
Group’s position and, in all material respects, is consistent with the consolidated financial
statements and the knowledge obtained in the audit, complies with the German legal
requirements and appropriately presents the opportunities and risks of future development, as
well as to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinions on the consolidated financial
statements and on the combined management report.

      Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit
conducted in accordance with Section 317 HGB and the EU Audit Regulation and in compliance
with German Generally Accepted Standards for Financial Statement Audits promulgated by the
Institut der Wirtschaftsprüfer (IDW) will always detect a material misstatement. Misstatements
can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate,
they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the
basis of these consolidated financial statements and this combined management report.

     We exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the
audit. We also:

     •    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial
          statements and of the combined management report, whether due to fraud or error,
          design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
          evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinions. The risk
          of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than the risk of
          not detecting a material misstatement resulting from error, as fraud may involve
          collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
          internal controls.

     •    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit of the consolidated
          financial statements and of arrangements and measures relevant to the audit of the
          combined management report in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate
          in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
          effectiveness of the Group’s internal control or of these arrangements and measures.

     •    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used by the Management Board
          and the reasonableness of estimates made by the Management Board and related
          disclosures.




                                            – II-212 –
APPENDIX II                    FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

     •    Conclude on the appropriateness of the Management Board’s use of the going concern
          basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material
          uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the
          Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
          uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in the auditor’s report to the
          related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements and in the combined
          management report or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our respective
          opinions. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of
          our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to
          cease to be able to continue as a going concern.

     •    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial
          statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial
          statements present the underlying transactions and events in a manner that the
          consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities,
          financial position and financial performance of the Group in compliance with IFRS
          Accounting Standards as adopted by the EU and the additional requirements of
          German commercial law pursuant to Section 315e (1) HGB.

     •    Plan and perform the audit of the consolidated financial statements to obtain sufficient
          appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
          business segments within the Group to provide a basis for our opinions on the
          consolidated financial statements and on the combined management report. We are
          responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We
          remain solely responsible for our opinions.

     •    Evaluate the consistency of the combined management report with the consolidated
          financial statements, its conformity with [German] law, and the view of the Group’s
          position it provides.

     •    Perform audit procedures on the prospective information presented by the
          Management Board in the combined management report. On the basis of sufficient
          appropriate audit evidence we evaluate, in particular, the significant assumptions used
          by the Management Board as a basis for the prospective information, and evaluate the
          proper derivation of the prospective information from these assumptions. We do not
          express a separate opinion on the prospective information and on the assumptions used
          as a basis. There is a substantial unavoidable risk that future events will differ
          materially from the prospective information.

     We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the
planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant
deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.




                                            – II-213 –
APPENDIX II                    FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

     We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied
with the relevant independence requirements, and communicate with them all relationships and
other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable,
the actions taken or safeguards applied to eliminate independence threats.

     From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those
matters that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the
current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s
report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter.

OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS

REPORT ON THE ASSURANCE ON THE ELECTRONIC RENDERING OF THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND THE COMBINED MANAGEMENT
REPORT PREPARED FOR PUBLICATION PURPOSES IN ACCORDANCE WITH
SECTION 317 (3A) HGB

     We have performed assurance work in accordance with Section 317 (3a) HGB to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the rendering of the consolidated financial
statements and the combined management report (hereinafter the ‘ESEF documents’)
contained     in   the   electronic   file   “PUMA      KA      2024.zip”    (SHA256-Hashwert:
044183bc89c3223ae4b8b1dd9f21047f37c5c010ff731cbd7ecb35e3e284d95b) made available and
prepared for publication purposes complies in all material respects with the requirements of
Section 328 (1) HGB for the electronic reporting format (‘ESEF format’). In accordance with
German legal requirements, this assurance work extends only to the conversion of the
information contained in the consolidated financial statements and the combined management
report into the ESEF format and therefore relates neither to the information contained in these
renderings nor to any other information contained in the file identified above.

     In our opinion, the rendering of the consolidated financial statements and the combined
management report contained in the electronic file made available, identified above and prepared
for publication purposes complies in all material respects with the requirements of Section 328
(1) HGB for the electronic reporting format. Beyond this assurance opinion and our audit
opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial statements and the accompanying combined
management report for the financial year from January 1 to December 31, 2024, contained in the
‘Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Combined Management
Report’ above, we do not express any assurance opinion on the information contained within
these renderings or on the other information contained in the file identified above.




                                            – II-214 –
APPENDIX II                   FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

     We conducted our assurance work on the rendering of the consolidated financial statements
and the combined management report contained in the file made available and identified above
in accordance with Section 317 (3a) HGB and the IDW Assurance Standard: Assurance Work on
the Electronic Rendering of Financial Statements and Management Reports Prepared for
Publication Purposes in Accordance with Section 317 (3a) HGB (IDW AsS 410 (06.2022)). Our
responsibility in accordance therewith is further described below. Our audit firm applies the
IDW Standard on Quality Management 1: Requirements for Quality Management in Audit Firms
(IDW QMS 1) (09.2022).

      The Company’s Management Board is responsible for the preparation of the ESEF
documents including the electronic rendering of the consolidated financial statements and the
combined management report in accordance with Section 328 (1) sentence 4 item 1 HGB and for
the tagging of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with Section 328 (1) sentence
4 item 2 HGB.

     In addition, the Company’s Management Board is responsible for such internal control that
they have considered necessary to enable the preparation of ESEF documents that are free from
material intentional or unintentional non-compliance with the requirements of Section 328 (1)
HGB for the electronic reporting format.

    The Supervisory Board is responsible for overseeing the process of preparing the ESEF
documents as part of the financial reporting process.

     Our objective is to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the ESEF documents are free
from material intentional or unintentional non-compliance with the requirements of Section 328
(1) HGB. We exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout
the assurance work. We also:

     •    Identify and assess the risks of material intentional or unintentional non-compliance
          with the requirements of Section 328 (1) HGB, design and perform assurance
          procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain assurance evidence that is sufficient
          and appropriate to provide a basis for our assurance opinion.

     •    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the assurance on the ESEF
          documents in order to design assurance procedures that are appropriate in the
          circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an assurance opinion on the
          effectiveness of these controls.

     •    Evaluate the technical validity of the ESEF documents, i.e. whether the file made
          available containing the ESEF documents meets the requirements of Commission
          Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/815, as amended as of the reporting date, on the
          technical specification for this electronic file.




                                          – II-215 –
APPENDIX II                   FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

     •    Evaluate whether the ESEF documents provide an XHTML rendering with content
          equivalent to the audited consolidated financial statements and the audited combined
          management report.

     •    Evaluate whether the tagging of the ESEF documents with Inline XBRL technology
          (iXBRL) in accordance with the requirements of Articles 4 and 6 of the Commission
          Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/815, as amended as of the reporting date, enables an
          appropriate and complete machine-readable XBRL copy of the XHTML rendering.

FURTHER INFORMATION             PURSUANT TO ARTICLE              10   OF THE      EU AUDIT
REGULATION

      We were elected as auditor of the consolidated financial statements at the Annual General
Meeting on May 22, 2024. We were engaged by the Supervisory Board on November 7, 2024.
We have been the auditor of the consolidated financial statements of PUMA SE without
interruption since financial year 2022.

     We declare that the opinions expressed in this auditor’s report are consistent with the
additional report to the Audit Committee pursuant to Article 11 of the EU Audit Regulation
(long-form audit report).

OTHER MATTER – USE OF THE AUDITOR’S REPORT

      Our auditor’s report must always be read together with the audited consolidated financial
statements and the audited combined management report as well as the examined ESEF
documents. The consolidated financial statements and combined management report converted to
the ESEF format – including the versions to be entered in the German Company Register
[Unternehmensregister] – are merely electronic renderings of the audited consolidated financial
statements and the audited combined management report and do not take their place. In
particular, the ESEF report and our assurance opinion contained therein are to be used solely
together with the examined ESEF documents made available in electronic form.




                                          – II-216 –
APPENDIX II                   FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

GERMAN PUBLIC AUDITOR RESPONSIBLE FOR THE ENGAGEMENT

     The German Public Auditor responsible for the engagement is Matthias Koeplin.


Nuremberg, March 11, 2025

KPMG AG

Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft




Koeplin                                        Sanetra

Wirtschaftsprüfer                              Wirtschaftsprüfer
[German Public Auditor]                        [German Public Auditor]




                                         – II-217 –
APPENDIX II                   FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

C.   AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER
     2023

     The following is an extract of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Target
Group for the year ended 31 December 2023, which were prepared in accordance with IFRS,
from the Target Group’s Annual Report 2023 (pages 275 – 381).

     Specific page/section references mentioned in the audited consolidated financial statements
of the Target Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 are referred to in the Target Group’s
Annual Report 2023 which is available free of charge, in read-only, printable format on the
Target Group’s website at https://about.puma.com/en/investor-relations/financial-publications.




                                          – II-218 –
APPENDIX II                      FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

T.01 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

                                                             31 Dec. 2023   31 Dec. 2022
                                                     Notes      € million      € million

ASSETS
Cash and cash equivalents                              3            552.9          463.1
Inventories                                            4          1,804.4        2,245.1
Trade receivables                                      5          1,118.4        1,064.9
Income tax receivables                                22             90.1           54.0
Other current financial assets                        6              94.9          137.4
Other current assets                                   7            270.4          235.9


Current assets                                                    3,931.1        4,200.4


Deferred tax assets                                    8            296.1          295.0
Property, plant and equipment                          9            685.6          592.2
Right-of-use assets                                   10          1,087.7        1,111.3
Intangible assets                                     11            530.8          506.5
Other non-current financial assets                    12             83.6           58.4
Other non-current assets                              12             25.6            8.8


Non-current assets                                                2,709.3        2,572.3


Total assets                                                      6,640.4        6,772.7




                                        – II-219 –
APPENDIX II                         FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

                                                                               31 Dec. 2023          31 Dec. 2022
                                                                 Notes            € million             € million

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY
Current borrowings                                                13                    145.9                  75.9
Trade payables                                                    13                  1,499.8               1,734.9
Income tax liabilities                                            22                     79.3                  86.8
Current lease liabilities                                         10                    212.4                 200.2
Other current provisions                                          16                     27.7                  50.3
Other current financial liabilities                               13                     78.6                  76.1
Other current liabilities                                         13                    493.4                 618.9


Current liabilities                                                                   2,537.2               2,843.0


Non-current borrowings 1                                          13                    426.1                 251.5
Non-current lease liabilities                                     10                  1,020.0               1,030.3
Deferred tax liabilities                                           8                     12.4                  42.0
Pension provisions                                                15                     22.5                  22.4
Other non-current provisions                                      16                     27.3                  29.5
Other non-current financial liabilities                           13                     11.4                  13.8
Other non-current liabilities                                     13                      1.3                   1.4


Non-current liabilities                                                               1,520.9               1,390.9


Subscribed capital                                                17                    150.8                 150.8
Capital reserve                                                   17                     93.8                  90.8
Other reserves                                                    17                  2,330.4               2,253.6
Treasury stock                                                    17                    -21.6                 -23.5
Equity attributable to the shareholders of
  PUMA SE                                                                             2,553.4               2,471.7
Non-controlling interests                                       17, 28                   28.9                  67.1


Total equity                                                                          2,582.3               2,538.8


Total liabilities and equity                                                          6,640.4               6,772.7

1)
     In order to improve the communication of decision-relevant information, non-current borrowings are no longer
     reported under other non-current financial liabilities in the 2023 reporting year, but are reported in a separate
     balance sheet item. The previous year’s figures have been adjusted accordingly.




                                                    – II-220 –
APPENDIX II                   FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

T.02 CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT

                                                                   2023        2022
                                                       Notes   € million   € million

Sales                                              19, 24        8,601.7     8,465.1
Cost of sales                                        24         -4,615.1    -4,562.3


Gross profit                                            24      3,986.6     3,902.7

Royalty and commission income                                       38.5        33.8
Other operating income and expenses                     20      -3,403.5    -3,295.9


  thereof impairment losses on trade receivables
    and other financial assets                                     -12.2        -4.4

Operating Result (EBIT)                                           621.6       640.6


Financial income                                        21        112.7        79.4
Financial expenses                                      21       -256.0      -168.3


Financial result                                                 -143.3        -88.9


Earnings before taxes (EBT)                                       478.3       551.7
Taxes on income                                         22       -117.8      -127.4


Consolidated net income of the year                               360.6       424.4

  attributable to:
  Non-controlling interests                        17, 28          55.7        70.9

Net income attributable to the shareholders of
 PUMA SE                                                          304.9       353.5




                                          – II-221 –
APPENDIX II                  FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

                                                                  2023        2022
                                                      Notes   € million   € million

Earnings per share ( € )                               23         2.03        2.36
Earnings per share ( € ) – diluted                     23         2.03        2.36
Weighted average number of outstanding shares
  (million shares)                                     23       149.85      149.65
Weighted average number of outstanding shares,
  diluted (million shares)                             23       149.87      149.66




                                         – II-222 –
APPENDIX II                   FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

T.03 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                                               2023        2022
                                                           € million   € million

Consolidated net income of the year before attribution        360.6       424.4


Currency translation differences                               -87.6        68.5
Net gain/loss on cash flow hedges, net after tax               -18.0       -64.5


Items expected to be reclassified to the income
  statement in the future                                    -105.6          4.0


Remeasurements of the net defined benefit liability, net
  after tax                                                     -0.8         7.6
Neutral effects financial assets through other
  comprehensive income (FVOCI),
  net after tax                                                 -0.5        -3.4


Items not expected to be reclassified to the income
  statement in the future                                       -1.3         4.2


Other comprehensive income                                   -106.9          8.2


Comprehensive income                                          253.7       432.6


  attributable to:
  Non-controlling interests                                    54.2        75.0

  Shareholders of PUMA SE                                     199.6       357.6




                                           – II-223 –
APPENDIX II                   FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

T.04 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

                                                                    2023        2022
                                                        Notes   € million   € million

Operating activities
Earnings before tax (EBT)                                          478.3       551.7
  Adjustments for:
    Depreciation and impairment                    9, 10, 11       357.5       358.7
    Reversal of impairment losses                  9, 10, 11       -11.9         0.0
    Non-realized currency gains/losses, net                         60.1       -43.6
    Financial income                                     21        -37.8       -32.3
    Financial expenses                                   21        100.7        54.4
    Gains/losses from the sale of fixed assets                      -3.9         1.0
    Changes to pension provision                         15         -1.5         0.5
    Other non cash effected expenses/income                         22.5        28.6


Gross cash flow                                       25           964.1       918.9
Changes in receivables and other current assets     5, 6, 7       -153.4      -209.4
Changes in inventories                                 4           352.1      -747.0
Changes in trade payables and other current
  liabilities                                            13       -327.9       613.1


Net cash from operational business activities                      834.9       575.6
Income taxes paid                                        22       -181.3      -157.4


Net cash from operating activities                       25        653.6       418.3


Investing activities
  Purchase of property and equipment                    9, 11     -300.4      -263.6
  Proceeds from sale of property and equipment                      14.3         1.3
  Payment for other assets                               12        -36.3       -10.8
  Interest received                                      21         37.8        32.3


Net cash used in investing activities                             -284.6      -240.8




                                           – II-224 –
APPENDIX II                  FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

                                                                   2023        2022
                                                       Notes   € million   € million

Financing activities
  Repayment of lease liabilities                        10       -208.0      -190.0
  Repayment of current borrowings                       13        -59.1        -9.5
  Raising of current borrowings                         13          0.0        17.9
  Repayment of non-current borrowings                   13          0.0       -60.0
  Raising of non-current borrowings                     13        299.6         0.0
  Dividend payments to shareholders of
    PUMA SE                                          17          -122.8      -107.7
  Dividend payments to non-controlling interests   17, 28         -92.4       -73.3
  Interest paid                                      21           -94.3       -53.8


Net cash used in financing activities                   25       -277.1      -476.4


Exchange rate-related changes in cash and cash
  equivalents                                                      -2.1         4.4
Change in cash and cash equivalents                                89.8      -294.4
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the
  financial year                                                  463.1       757.5


Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the
 financial year                                        3, 25      552.9       463.1




                                          – II-225 –
APPENDIX II                                     FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

T.05 STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (in € million)

                                                                         Other reserves
                                                             Revenue        Difference
                                                        reserves incl.            from                                               Non-
                                  Subscribed    Capital      retained         currency    Cash flow   Treasury Shareholders’   controlling   TOTAL
                                      capital   reserve      earnings       conversion       hedges      stock        equity     interests    equity

1 January 2022                         150.8      86.4         2,245.4          -320.6         78.1      -26.9       2,213.3         65.2    2,278.5


Consolidated net income of
  the year                                                       353.5                                                 353.5         70.9      424.4
Other comprehensive income                                         4.2            63.8        -63.9                      4.1          4.1        8.2


Comprehensive income                                             357.7            63.8        -63.9                    357.6         75.0      432.6


Dividends paid to shareholders
  of PUMA SE/
  non-controlling interests                                     -107.7                                                -107.7         -75.3    -183.0
Share-based payment and
  Utilization/Issue of treasury
  stock                                             4.4                                                    3.4           7.7                     7.7
Transaction with shareholders                                      0.9                                                   0.9           2.2       3.1


31 December 2022/
  1 January 2023                       150.8      90.8         2,496.2          -256.8         14.2      -23.5       2,471.7         67.1    2,538.8


Consolidated net income of
  the year                                                       304.9                                                 304.9         55.7      360.6
Other comprehensive income                                        -1.3           -85.9        -18.1                   -105.3         -1.5     -106.9


Comprehensive income                                             303.6           -85.9        -18.1                    199.6         54.2      253.7


Dividends paid to shareholders
  of PUMA SE/
  non-controlling interests                                     -122.8                                                -122.8         -92.4    -215.3
Share-based payment and
  Utilization/Issue of treasury
  stock                                             3.0                                                    1.9           4.9                     4.9
Transaction with shareholders                                                                                                          0.1       0.1


31 December 2023                       150.8      93.8         2,677.0          -342.7         -3.9      -21.6       2,553.4         28.9    2,582.3




                                                                         – II-226 –
APPENDIX II                          FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1.    GENERAL

       Under the PUMA and Cobra Golf brand names, PUMA SE and its subsidiaries are engaged in the development
and sale of a broad range of sports and sports lifestyle products, including footwear, apparel and accessories. The
company is a European stock corporation (Societas Europaea/SE) and parent company of the PUMA Group; its
registered office is on PUMA WAY 1, 91074 Herzogenaurach, Germany. The competent registry court is in Fürth
(Bavaria), the register number is HRB 13085.

      The consolidated financial statements of PUMA SE and its subsidiaries (hereinafter referred to in short as the
“Group” or “PUMA”) were prepared in accordance with the “International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)”
accounting standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB), as they are to be applied in the
EU, and the supplementary accounting principles to be applied in accordance with Section 315e(1) of the German
Commercial Code (HGB). All of the IASB standards and interpretations, as they are to be applied in the EU, which are
mandatory for financial years as of 1 January 2023, have been applied.

      The items contained in the financial statements of the individual Group companies are measured based on the
currency that corresponds to the currency of the primary economic environment in which the Company operates. The
consolidated financial statements are prepared in euros (EUR or €). The presentation of amounts in millions of euros
with one decimal place may lead to rounding differences since the calculation of individual items is based on figures
presented in thousands.

      The cost of sales method is used for the consolidated income statement.

      The following new or amended standards and interpretations have been used for the first time in the current
financial year:

      T.06 NEW AND AMENDED STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS

      Standard                                   Title

      First-time adoption in the current
        financial year
      IFRS 17 (including amendment               Insurance contracts
        IFRS 17)
      Amendments to IAS 1                        Disclosure of accounting policies
      Amendments to IAS 8                        Definition of accounting estimates
      Amendments to IAS 12                       Deferred taxes relating to assets and liabilities from a single
                                                   transaction
      Amendments to IFRS 17                      First-time application of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 – Comparative
                                                   information
      Amendments to IAS 12                       International tax reform – Pillar Two model rules

      The amendments to the standards and interpretations described below, which were to be initially adopted as of 1
January 2023, did not materially affect the PUMA consolidated financial statements.

       The IFRS 17 standard regulates the accounting treatment of insurance contracts and replaces the previously valid
transitional standard IFRS 4. The scope of application includes insurance contracts, reinsurance contracts and
investment contracts with discretionary participation features. The amendment to IFRS 17 postponed the date of first
mandatory application of IFRS 17 to 1 January 2023. These amendments have no effect on the PUMA consolidated
financial statements.

      The amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Guideline Document 2 are intended to assist preparers in deciding which
accounting policies they must disclose in the financial statements. This requires an enterprise to disclose essential
information relating to accounting policies rather than just its significant accounting policies. This change has no
material effect on the PUMA consolidated financial statements.




                                                     – II-227 –
APPENDIX II                            FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      The amendment to IAS 8 is intended to help distinguish between accounting policies and accounting-related
estimates. The definition of a change in accounting estimates has been replaced by a definition of accounting estimates.
According to the new definition, accounting-related estimates are “monetary amounts in financial statements that are
subject to measurement uncertainty”. This change has no effect on the PUMA consolidated financial statements.

       The amendment to IAS 12 narrows the scope of the “initial recognition exemption” under which no deferred tax
assets or liabilities are to be recognised at the time of recognition of an asset or liability. If temporary differences of
the same amount are simultaneously deductible and taxable in a single transaction, they are no longer covered by the
exception, meaning that deferred tax assets and liabilities must be recognised. This change does not materially affect
PUMA’s net assets, financial position and results of operations. However, the amendment to IAS 12 leads to a change
in the disclosures to be made in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

      The amendment to IFRS 17 concerns companies that apply IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 simultaneously for the first time.
The amendment allows an entity to present comparative information about a financial asset in such a way that the IFRS
9 rules on classification and measurement would have been previously applied to that financial asset. This change has
no effect on the PUMA consolidated financial statements.

      The amendments to IAS 12 introduce a temporary exemption for deferred tax accounting in the framework of the
implementation of the global minimum taxation (“OECD Pillar Two Scheme”). This should help to ensure the
consistency of financial statements while facilitating implementation of the rules. Targeted disclosure requirements will
also be introduced to help investors better understand the impact of the reform on the company, especially before the
country-specific legislation implementing minimum taxation enters into force. This change has no material effect on the
PUMA consolidated financial statements.

      NEW, BUT NOT YET MANDATORY, STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS

             The following standards and interpretations have been released but will only become effective in later
      reporting periods and are not applied earlier by the Group:

            T.07 NEW, BUT NOT YET MANDATORY, STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS

            Standard                         Title                              Date of adoption*      Planned adoption

            Endorsed
            Amendments to IFRS 16            Lease liabilities as part of a     01/01/2024             01/01/2024
                                               sale and leaseback
                                               transaction

            Endorsement pending
            Amendments to IAS 1              Classification of liabilities as   01/01/2024             01/01/2024
                                               current or non-current
            Amendments to IAS 1              Non-current liabilities with       01/01/2024             01/01/2024
                                               covenants
            Amendments to IAS 7 and          Supplier financing agreements      01/01/2024             01/01/2024
             IFRS 7
            Amendments to IAS 21             Lack of exchangeability            01/01/2025             01/01/2025
            Amendments to IFRS 10            Sale or contribution of assets     Postponed
             and IAS 28                                                           indefinitely

            *      Adjusted by EU endorsement, if applicable

             PUMA does not expect that these amendments will have any significant effects on the net assets, financial
      position and results of operations. However, the amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 17 concerning supplier
      financing agreements expand the scope of future disclosures in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                       – II-228 –
APPENDIX II                          FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

2.   SIGNIFICANT CONSOLIDATION, ACCOUNTING AND VALUATION PRINCIPLES

     CONSOLIDATION PRINCIPLES

           The consolidated financial statements were prepared as of 31 December 2023, the reporting date of the
     annual financial statements of the PUMA SE parent company, on the basis of uniform accounting and valuation
     principles according to IFRS, as applied in the EU.

     GROUP OF CONSOLIDATED COMPANIES

            In addition to PUMA SE, the consolidated financial statements include all subsidiaries in which PUMA SE
     directly or indirectly holds existing rights that give it the current ability to direct the relevant activities. At
     present, control of all Group companies is based on a direct or indirect majority of voting rights.

          Associated companies are generally accounted for in the Group using the equity method. As of 31
     December 2023, however, the Group does not hold any investments in associated companies.

           The changes in the number of Group companies (including the parent company PUMA SE) in the financial
     year 2023 were as follows:

           T.08 GROUP OF CONSOLIDATED COMPANIES

           As of                                                                    31 Dec. 2022                    100
           Formation of companies                                                                                     1
           Disposal of companies                                                                                     -1


           As of                                                                    31 Dec. 2023                    100


          The addition to the group of consolidated companies relates to the formation of PUMA Card Services NA
     LLC, USA.

           The disposal in the group of consolidated companies concerns the merger of PUMA Sports SEA Trading
     Pte. Ltd., Singapore within the group of consolidated companies.

           The changes in the group of consolidated companies did not have a significant effect on the net assets,
     financial position and results of operations.




                                                    – II-229 –
APPENDIX II                   FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      The Group companies are allocated to regions as follows:

      T.09 LIST OF SHAREHOLDINGS

      AS OF 31 DECEMBER 2023
                                                                                                 Share of
      No.   Companies/Legal Entities         Country             City              Shareholder    capital

            Parent company
      1.    PUMA SE                          Germany             Herzogenaurach

            EMEA
      2.    Austria Puma Dassler             Austria             Salzburg          direct           100%
               Gesellschaft m.b.H.
      3.    stichd austria gmbh              Austria             Salzburg          indirect         100%
      4.    Puma Czech Republic s.r.o.       Czech Republic      Prague            indirect         100%
      5.    PUMA DENMARK A/S                 Denmark             Aarhus            indirect         100%
      6.    PUMA Estonia OÜ                  Estonia             Tallinn           indirect         100%
      7.    PUMA Finland Oy                  Finland             Helsinki          indirect         100%
      8.    PUMA FRANCE SAS                  France              Strasbourg        indirect         100%
      9.    stichd france SAS                France              Boulogne          indirect         100%
                                                                   Billancourt
      10.   PUMA International Trading       Germany             Herzogenaurach    direct           100%
               GmbH
      11.   PUMA Europe GmbH                 Germany             Herzogenaurach    direct           100%
      12.   PUMA Sprint GmbH                 Germany             Herzogenaurach    direct           100%
      13.   PUMA Mostro GmbH                 Germany             Herzogenaurach    indirect         100%
      14.   PUMA Blue Sea GmbH               Germany             Herzogenaurach    indirect         100%
      15.   stichd germany gmbh              Germany             Düsseldorf        indirect         100%
      16.   PUMA UNITED KINGDOM              Great Britain       London            indirect         100%
               LTD
      17.   PUMA PREMIER LTD                 Great Britain       London            indirect         100%
      18.   STICHD UK LTD                    Great Britain       Mansfield         indirect         100%
      19.   STICHD                           Great Britain       London            indirect         100%
               SPORTMERCHANDISING
               UK LTD
      20.   GENESIS GROUP                    Great Britain       Manchester        direct           100%
               INTERNATIONAL
               LIMITED
      21.   Sport Equipment Hellas S. A.     Greece              Athens            direct          100% 1)
               of Footwear, Apparel and
               Sportswear u.Li.
      22.   PUMA ITALIA S.R.L.               Italy               Assago            indirect         100%
      23.   STICHD ITALY SRL                 Italy               Assago            indirect         100%
      24.   Puma Sport Israel Ltd. In Liq    Israel              Hertzeliya        indirect         100%
      25.   Puma Benelux B.V.                Netherlands         Leusden           direct           100%
      26.   PUMA International Sports        Netherlands         Leusden           direct           100%
               Marketing B.V.
      27.   stichd group B.V.                Netherlands         s-Hertogenbosch   direct           100%
      28.   stichd international B.V.        Netherlands         s-Hertogenbosch   indirect         100%
      29.   stichd sportmerchandising B.V.   Netherlands         s-Hertogenbosch   indirect         100%
      30.   stichd B.V.                      Netherlands         s-Hertogenbosch   indirect         100%
      31.   stichd logistics B.V.            Netherlands         s-Hertogenbosch   indirect         100%
      32.   stichd licensing B.V.            Netherlands         s-Hertogenbosch   indirect         100%
      33.   PUMA NORWAY AS                   Norway              Fornebu           indirect         100%
      34.   PUMA POLSKA sp. z o.o.           Poland              Warsaw            indirect         100%




                                              – II-230 –
APPENDIX II                  FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      AS OF 31 DECEMBER 2023
                                                                                     Share of
      No.   Companies/Legal Entities     Country        City           Shareholder    capital

      35.   PUMA SPORTS ROMANIA          Romania        Voluntari      indirect         100%
              SRL
      36.   PUMA-RUS o.o.o.              Russia         Moscow         indirect         100%
      37.   PUMA SPORTS                  South Africa   Cape Town      indirect         100%
              DISTRIBUTORS (PTY)
              LTD
      38.   PUMA SPORTS S A (PTY)        South Africa   Cape Town      indirect         100%
              LTD
      39.   PUMA IBERIA SLU              Spain          Madrid         direct           100%
      40.   STICHDIBERIA S.L.            Spain          Cornella de    indirect         100%
                                                           Llobregat
      41.   Nrotert AB                   Sweden         Helsingborg    direct           100%
      42.   PUMA Nordic AB               Sweden         Helsingborg    indirect         100%
      43.   Nrotert Sweden AB            Sweden         Helsingborg    indirect         100%
      44.   stichd nordic AB             Sweden         Helsingborg    indirect         100%
      45.   MOUNT PUMA AG                Switzerland    Oensingen      direct           100%
      46.   Puma Retail AG               Switzerland    Oensingen      indirect         100%
      47.   stichd switzerland ag        Switzerland    Egerkingen     indirect         100%
      48.   PUMA Spor Giyim Sanayi ve    Türkiye        Istanbul       indirect         100%
               Ticaret A.S.
      49.   PUMA UKRAINE LIMITED         Ukraine        Kiew           indirect         100%
               LIABILITY COMPANY
      50.   PUMA Middle East FZ-LLC      United Arab    Dubai          indirect         100%
                                          Emirates
      51.   PUMA UAE (L.L.C)             United Arab    Dubai          indirect         100%
                                          Emirates

            Americas
      52.   PUMA Sports Argentina S.A.   Argentina      Buenos Aires   indirect         100%
              (former Unisol S.A.)
      53.   PUMA Sports Ltda.            Brazil         Sao Paulo      indirect         100%
      54.   PUMA Canada, Inc.            Canada         Toronto        indirect         100%
      55.   PUMA United Canada ULC       Canada         Vancouver      indirect          51%
      56.   PUMA CHILE SpA               Chile          Santiago       direct           100%
      57.   PUMA SERVICIOS SpA           Chile          Santiago       indirect         100%
      58.   PUMA México Sport, S.A. de   Mexico         Mexico City    direct           100%
              C.V.
      59.   Importaciones RDS, S.A. de   Mexico         Mexico City    direct           100%
              C.V.
      60.   GLOBAL LICENSE STICHD        Mexico         Mexico City    indirect         100%
              GROUP MEXICO S.A. de
              C.V.
      61.   Importationes Brand Plus     Mexico         Mexico City    indirect         100%
              Licensing S.A. de C.V.
      62.   Distribuidora Deportiva      Peru           Lima           indirect         100%
              PUMA S.A.C.
      63.   Distribuidora Deportiva      Peru           Tacna          indirect         100%
              PUMA Tacna S.A.C.
      64.   PUMA Sports LA S.A.          Uruguay        Montevideo     direct          100%
      65.   PUMA Suede Holding, Inc.     USA            Wilmington     indirect        100%
      66.   PUMA North America, Inc.     USA            Wilmington     indirect        100%
      67.   Cobra Golf Incorporated      USA            Wilmington     indirect        100%




                                          – II-231 –
APPENDIX II                   FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      AS OF 31 DECEMBER 2023
                                                                                           Share of
      No.   Companies/Legal Entities         Country         City            Shareholder    capital

      68.   PUMA United Aviation North       USA             Wilmington      indirect          70%
               America LLC
      69.   PUMA United Canada               USA             Wilmington      indirect         100%
               Holding, Inc.
      70.   PUMA United North America        USA             Dover           indirect          51%
               LLC
      71.   Janed Canada, LLC                USA             Dover           indirect          51%
      72.   stichd NA, Inc.                  USA             Lewes           indirect         100%
      73.   PUMA Card Services NA,           USA             Plantation      indirect         100%
               LLC.

            Asia/Pacific
      74.   PUMA Australia Pty. Ltd.         Australia       Melbourne       indirect         100%
      75.   White Diamond Australia Pty.     Australia       Melbourne       indirect         100%
               Ltd.
      76.   White Diamond Properties Pty.    Australia       Melbourne       indirect         100%
               Ltd.
      77.   PUMA China Ltd. (彪馬(上            China           Shanghai        indirect         100%
               海)商貿有限公司)
      78.   stichd Trading (Shanghai) Co.,   China           Shanghai        indirect         100%
               Ltd. (斯梯起特貿易(上海)有
               限公司)
      79.   Guangzhou World Cat              China           Guangzhou       indirect         100%
               Information Consulting
               Services Company Ltd. (廣
               州寰彪信息咨询服務有限公
               司)
      80.   World Cat Ltd. (寰彪有限公            China           Hong Kong       direct           100%
               司)
      81.   Development Services Ltd.        China           Hong Kong       direct           100%
      82.   PUMA International Trading       China           Hong Kong       indirect         100%
               Services Ltd.
      83.   PUMA ASIA PACIFIC LTD            China           Hong Kong       direct           100%
               (彪馬亞太區有限公司)
      84.   PUMA Hong Kong Ltd. (彪馬          China           Hong Kong       indirect         100%
               香港有限公司)
      85.   stichd Limited                   China           Hong Kong       indirect         100%
      86.   PUMA Sports India Private        India           Bangalore       indirect         100%
               Ltd.
      87.   PT PUMA Cat Indonesia            Indonesia       Jakarta         indirect         100%
      88.   PT PUMA Sports Indonesia         Indonesia       Jakarta         indirect         100%
      89.   PUMA Japan K.K.                  Japan           Tokyo           indirect         100%
               (プーマジャパン株式會社)
      90.   PUMA Korea Ltd.                  (South) Korea   Seoul           direct           100%

      91.   Stichd Korea Ltd                 (South) Korea   Incheon         indirect         100%
      92.   PUMA Sports Goods Sdn.           Malaysia        Petaling Jaya   indirect         100%
              Bhd.
      93.   STICHD SOUTHEAST ASIA            Malaysia        Kuala Lumpur    indirect         100%
              SDN. BHD.
      94.   PUMA New Zealand Ltd.            New Zealand     Auckland        indirect         100%




                                              – II-232 –
APPENDIX II                       FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

         AS OF 31 DECEMBER 2023
                                                                                                            Share of
         No.   Companies/Legal Entities          Country              City                  Shareholder      capital

         95.  PUMANILA IT SERVICES               Philippines          City of Makati        indirect           100%
                INC.
         96. PUMA Sports Philippines Inc.        Philippines          City of Makati        indirect           100%
         97. PUMA SOUTH EAST ASIA                Singapore                                  indirect           100%
                PTE. LTD.
         98. PUMA Taiwan Sports Ltd. (台          China (Taiwan)       Taipei                indirect           100%
                灣彪馬股份有限公司)
         99. PUMA Sports (Thailand) Co.,         Thailand             Bangkok               indirect           100%
                Ltd.
         100. World Cat Vietnam Sourcing         Vietnam              Ho Chi Minh City      indirect           100%
                & Development Services
                Company Limited



         1)
               subsidiaries which are assigned to be economically 100% PUMA Group

         PUMA Mostro GmbH, PUMA Blue Sea GmbH and PUMA Sprint GmbH have made use of the exemption
   provision under Section 264(3) of the German Commercial Code (HGB). PUMA Europe GmbH and PUMA
   International Trading GmbH have also made use of the exemption provision under Section 264(3) HGB, but
   waive the exemption from the third subsection.

   CURRENCY CONVERSION

         In general, monetary items in foreign currencies are converted in the individual financial statements of the
   Group companies at the exchange rate valid on the balance sheet date. Any resulting currency gains and losses
   are immediately recognised in the income statement. Non-monetary items are converted at historical acquisition
   and manufacturing cost.

          The assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries, whose functional currency is not the euro, have been
   converted to euros at the exchange rates valid on the balance sheet date. Expenses and income have been
   converted at the annual average exchange rates. Any differences resulting from the currency conversion of net
   assets relative to exchange rates that had changed in comparison with the previous year were adjusted directly in
   other comprehensive income.

         The significant conversion rates per euro are as follows:

         T.10 SIGNIFICANT CONVERSION RATES

                                                           2023                                2022
                                              Reporting date         Average      Reporting date         Average
         Currency                              exchange rate    exchange rate      exchange rate    exchange rate

         USD                                           1.1050            1.0813            1.0666            1.0530
         CNY                                           7.8509            7.6600            7.3582            7.0788
         JPY                                         156.3300          151.9903          140.6600          138.0274
         MXN                                          18.7231           19.1830           20.8560           21.1869
         ARS *                                       892.9166                 –          188.7249                 –
         GBP                                           0.8691            0.8698            0.8869            0.8528

         *     Due to the application of accounting for hyperinflationary economies in Argentina, all items in the
               financial statements are converted at the exchange rate applicable on the reporting date.




                                                  – II-233 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

          Argentina and Türkiye are in a hyperinflation environment. In 2022, the subsidiaries whose functional
   currency is the Argentine peso or the Turkish lira applied the accounting for hyperinflationary economies in
   accordance with IAS 29 for the first time, with retroactive effect from 1 January 2022. The carrying amounts of
   non-monetary assets and liabilities, shareholders’ equity and other comprehensive income are translated into the
   unit of measurement applicable at the balance sheet date and thus adjusted to reflect price changes. The financial
   statements are based on the concept of historical acquisition and/or production costs. The exchange rate as of 31
   December 2023 was used for conversion into the reporting currency, the euro, for all items.

         Gains and losses on the net monetary position are included in the financial result. In the financial year
   2023, the net profit from the monetary items amounted to €7.7 million (previous year: €0.9 million). The
   amount also includes interest income from invested liquid funds in accordance with IAS 29.28.

         The price index used for Türkiye as of 31 December 2023 was 1,859.4 (31 December 2022: 1,128.5) and is
   based on the consumer price index. The general price index used for Argentina as of 31 December 2023 was
   3,500.4 (31 December 2022: 1,134.3).

   ACCOUNTING AND VALUATION PRINCIPLES

   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

          Financial instruments are classified and recognised in accordance with IFRS 9. Acquisitions and disposals
   of financial assets, with the exception of trade receivables, are initially recognised on the settlement date and are
   recorded at fair value.

          For investments (equity instruments), IFRS 9 allows a measurement at fair value through other
   comprehensive income (FVOCI) under certain conditions. If these investments, however, are disposed of or
   adjusted in value, the gains and losses from these investments which were not realised up to this point are
   reclassified to retained earnings in accordance with IFRS 9.

   DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS/HEDGE ACCOUNTING

          In relation to the accounting of hedge relationships, PUMA made use of the option to continue applying
   the rules of IAS 39 for hedge accounting.

         Derivative financial instruments are recognised at fair value at the time a contract is entered into and
   thereafter. At the time a hedging instrument is concluded, PUMA classifies the derivatives either as hedges of a
   planned transaction and hedging variable interest flows from the promissory note loans (cash flow hedge
   accounting), or as hedges of the fair value of a recognised asset or liability (fair value hedge).

          At the time when the transaction is concluded, the hedging relationship between the hedging instrument
   and the underlying transaction as well as the purpose of risk management and the underlying strategy are
   documented. In addition, assessments as to whether the derivatives used in the hedge accounting compensate
   effectively for a change in the fair value or the cash flow of the underlying transaction are documented at the
   beginning of the hedging relationship and continuously thereafter.

         The Group designates the spot rate for forward transactions and the intrinsic value for options contracts.
   The interest component and/or fair value are excluded from the designation of the hedging instrument and are
   recorded in the financial result through profit or loss.

          The Group determines the existence of an economic relationship between the hedging instrument and the
   hedged underlying transaction on the basis of the key valuation parameters, such as the reference interest rate,
   the currency, the amount and the time of their respective cash flows (critical terms match method). The Group
   uses the cumulative dollar offset method to assess whether the derivative designated in each hedging relationship
   is expected to be prospectively effective and retroactively effective in relation to offsetting changes in the cash
   flows of the hedged underlying transaction.




                                                   – II-234 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

          The main reason for ineffectiveness is the decline or loss of hedged transactions in these hedging
   relationships.

           Changes in the market value of derivatives that are intended and suitable for cash flow hedging and that
   prove to be effective are adjusted directly in other comprehensive income, taking into account deferred taxes. If
   there is no complete effectiveness, the ineffective part is recognised in the income statement. The amounts
   recognised in other comprehensive income are recognised in the income statement during the same period in
   which the hedged planned transaction affects the income statement. If, however, a hedged future transaction
   results in the recognition of a non-financial asset or a liability, gains or losses previously recorded in other
   comprehensive income are included in the initial measurement of the acquisition costs of the respective asset or
   liability.

         Changes in the market value of derivatives that qualify for and are designated as fair value hedges are
   recognised directly in the consolidated income statement, together with changes in the fair value of the
   underlying transaction attributable to the hedged risk. The changes in the market value of the derivatives and the
   change in the underlying transaction attributable to the hedged risk are reported in the consolidated income
   statement under the item relating to the underlying transaction.

          The fair values of the derivative instruments used to secure planned transactions and for hedging the
   variable cash flows from the promissory note loans (cash flow hedge accounting) and to secure the fair value of
   a recognised asset or liability (fair value hedge) are shown under “Other current and non-current financial assets
   or liabilities”.

   PUMA AS LESSEE

          The leases for which PUMA acts as a lessee are identified at the individual contract level. For these leases,
   PUMA recognises a right-of-use asset and a respective lease liability, with the exception of short-term leases
   (defined as leases with a term of no more than 12 months) and low-value lease agreements (with a value of less
   than €5,000 at contract conclusion). In the case of a short-term lease or low-value lease, the Group recognises
   the lease payments on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease agreement as other operating expense.

         In addition, right-of-use assets are not recognised for intangible assets. PUMA has made use of the option
   and decided not to apply IFRS 16 with regard to leases for intangible assets.

          The lease liability at initial recognition is measured at the present value of the not yet paid lease payments
   at the beginning of the lease agreement. The present value is calculated using the incremental borrowing rate, as
   the interest rate implicit in the lease is usually not known.

         A number of lease agreements, particularly for real estate properties, contain extension and termination
   options. When determining agreement terms, all facts and circumstances are taken into account that offer a
   financial incentive to exercise the extension option or not to exercise the termination option. The changes in the
   term of a lease due to the exercise or non-exercise of such options are only taken into account for the agreement
   term if they are sufficiently certain.

         The lease liability is recognised as a separate line item on the consolidated balance sheet.

          The right-of-use assets comprise the respective lease liability as part of initial valuation. Lease instalments
   that are paid before or at the beginning of the lease are added. Lease incentives received from the lessor are
   deducted and initial direct costs are included. If dismantling obligations exist with regard to the leased assets,
   they are included in the valuation of the right-of-use assets. The subsequent valuation of the right-of-use assets is
   at acquisition cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses.

         The right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the term of the lease. If the useful life of the asset
   underlying the lease is shorter, this limits the depreciation period accordingly. Depreciation starts with the
   commencement of the lease.




                                                    – II-235 –
APPENDIX II                         FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

          As part of the practical expedient, IFRS 16 permits dispensing with a separation between non-lease
   components and lease components. With regard to land and buildings, PUMA generally does not apply the
   practical expedient, meaning that the right-of-use assets relating to land and buildings only contain leasing
   components. With regard to other right-of-use assets (comprising technical equipment & machines and motor
   vehicles), the practical expedient is generally applied, the result of which is that the leasing components and
   non-leasing components are both recognised.

         The right-of-use assets are recognised as a separate line item in the consolidated balance sheet.

          The rights of use are subject to the impairment regulations pursuant to IAS 36. As a general rule, the
   right-of-use assets are tested for impairment (impairment test) if there is any indication that the value of the
   asset could be impaired. The right-of-use assets, in particular in connection with the Group’s own retail stores,
   are subjected to an impairment test if there are indicators or changes in planning assumptions that suggest that
   the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. To this end, a triggering event test of all retail stores,
   each of which is a separate cash-generating unit, is carried out after preparation of the annual budget planning or
   on an ad-hoc basis.

         For the purposes of the triggering event test, the recoverable amount of the respective retail stores is
   determined as a value in use using a simplified discounted cash flow method. The value in use is determined on
   the basis of the planned cash flows for the retail stores according to the budget, which is prepared on a
   bottom-up basis and approved by management. The forecast period is derived from the expected useful lives of
   the respective retail store and is reviewed annually. Following the bottom-up budget, revenue and cost
   developments are used as a basis for the remaining useful life, the growth rate of which is based on expected
   nominal retail growth. Growth rates in the single-digit percentage range are expected for all retail stores over the
   three-year detailed planning period. In calculating the value in use of retail transactions, cash flows in
   non-inflationary countries were measured at a weighted cost of capital rate of between 8.8% and 38.0% (previous
   year: between 8.2% and 25.3%) and the cash flows of retail transactions in the two high-inflation countries with
   a weighted cost of capital between 31.2% and 145.0% (previous year: between 20.0% and 62.7%). This was
   based on a risk-free interest rate on equivalent term structures of 3.1% (previous year: 2.3%) and a market risk
   premium of 7.0% (previous year: 7.3%) are used as a basis.

         If, in the triggering event test, the carrying amount of the retail store assets exceeds the simplified value in
   use, the recoverable amount of this cash-generating unit is calculated with the discounted cash flow method
   using the above cost of capital rates. This is based on the individual planning of cash flows for the retail store. If
   an impairment arises, the right of use is impaired first.

          If there are indications that retail stores for which impairment has been recorded in the past have been able
   to achieve a turnaround and that their rights of use are recoverable, the impairment is reversed up to a maximum
   of the amount of amortised costs.

         If there is an impairment loss or a reversal of an impairment loss, this is allocated to the central area in
   the segment reporting under IFRS 8. However, the impaired assets are reported in the relevant operating
   segments.

   PUMA AS LESSOR

           In financial year 2023, the accounting principles of IFRS 16 were applied for PUMA as a lessor for the
   first time. If PUMA acts as a lessor, it is determined at the beginning of the lease whether it is a finance lease or
   an operating lease. In order to classify the lease agreement, PUMA makes an overall assessment of whether the
   lease essentially transfers all the risks and benefits associated with ownership of the underlying asset. If this is
   the case, it is classified as a finance lease. If not, it is classed as an operating lease. Various indicators are taken
   into account as part of this assessment, such as whether the lease ratio comprises the majority of the economic
   useful life of the underlying asset. At our discretion, the leases in which PUMA acts as an intermediate lessor are
   in most cases finance leases, as subletting always covers most of the term of the main lease. If PUMA acts as an
   interim lessor, the shares in the main lease contract and the sub-lease contract are accounted for separately.




                                                     – II-236 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

          In the case of finance leases, a net investment (receivable) equal to the discounted future rental payments
   to be received is recognised in the balance sheet and reported under other assets (without inclusion in working
   capital). The marginal debt interest rate is used to determine the discount, as the interest rate underlying the
   lease is generally unknown. Interest income from finance leases is reported in the cash flow from investing
   activities.

          If the lease is classified as operating leases, the lease payments are immediately recognised in profit or
   loss as rental income.

   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

         Cash and cash equivalents include cash and bank balances. This also includes free cash and cash
   equivalents that are invested as a fixed-term deposit with a term of up to three months. The total amount of cash
   and cash equivalents is consistent with the cash and cash equivalents stated in the cash flow statement.

          Cash and cash equivalents are measured at amortised cost. They are subject to the impairment
   requirements in accordance with IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments”. PUMA monitors the credit risk of these
   financial instruments taking into account the economic situation, external credit rating and/or premiums for
   credit default swaps (CDS) of other financial institutions. The credit risk from cash and cash equivalents is
   classified as immaterial, due to the relatively short terms and the investment-grade credit rating of the
   counterparty, which signals a low probability of default for the financial instruments.

   INVENTORIES

         The Group procures inventories primarily from third parties and these are reported as goods within
   inventories. To a small extent, footwear and golf clubs are produced in-house, which are reported as finished
   goods together with the goods within the inventories.

         Inventories are measured at acquisition or manufacturing cost or at the lower net realisable values derived
   from the selling price at the balance sheet date. The acquisition cost of merchandise is determined using an
   averaging method. Value adjustments are adequately recorded, depending on age, seasonality and realisable
   market prices.

   TRADE RECEIVABLES

         Trade receivables are initially measured at the transaction price and subsequently at amortised cost with
   deduction of value adjustments, in the form of a provision for risks.

          When determining the provision for risks for trade receivables, PUMA uniformly applies the simplified
   method in order to determine the expected credit losses over the remaining lifetime of the trade receivables
   (called “lifetime expected credit losses”) in accordance with the provisions of IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments”.
   For this, trade receivables are classified by geographic region into suitable groups with shared credit risk
   characteristics. The expected credit losses are calculated using a matrix that presents the age structure of the
   receivables and depicts a likelihood of loss for the individual maturity bands of the receivables on the basis of
   historic credit loss events and future-based factors. The percentage rates for the loss likelihoods are checked
   regularly to ensure they are up to date. If objective indications of a credit impairment are found regarding the
   trade receivables of a certain customer, a detailed analysis of this customer’s specific credit risk is conducted and
   an individual provision for risks is established for the trade receivables with respect to this customer. If a credit
   insurance is in place, it is taken into account when determining the amount of the risk provision.

         The Group assumes that the default risk of a financial asset has increased significantly if it is more than
   30 days overdue.




                                                   – II-237 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

   OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS

         Other financial assets are classified based on the business model for control and the cash flows of the
   financial assets. In the Group, financial assets are generally held under a business model that provides for
   “holding” the asset until maturity, in order to collect the contractual cash flows. The second condition is that the
   terms and conditions of the financial asset result in cash flows at specified times, which exclusively represent
   repayments and interest payments on the outstanding nominal amount.

          The “trading” business model is used for financial assets in the form of derivatives without a hedging
   relationship. These are valued at fair value through profit or loss (FVPL).

          Non-current financial assets include rental deposits and other assets. Non-interest-bearing non-current
   assets are discounted to present value if the resulting effect is significant.

   INVESTMENTS

          The investment recognised under non-current financial assets belongs to the category “measured at fair
   value through other comprehensive income” (FVOCI), since these investments are held over the long term for
   strategic reasons.

         All purchases and disposals of investments are recorded on the settlement date. Investments are initially
   recognised at fair value plus transaction costs. They are also recognised at fair value in subsequent periods.
   Unrealised gains and losses are recognised in other comprehensive income, taking into account deferred taxes.
   The gain or loss on disposal of investments is transferred to retained earnings.

         The category “measured at fair value through profit or loss” (FVPL) is not used with regard to
   investments.

   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

          Property, plant and equipment are measured at acquisition cost, net of accumulated depreciation. The
   depreciation period depends on the expected useful life of the respective item. The straight-line method of
   depreciation is applied. The useful life depends on the type of the assets involved. Buildings are subject to a
   useful life of between ten and fifty years, and a useful life of between three to ten years is assumed for movable
   assets.

         Repair and maintenance costs are recorded as an expense as of the date on which they were incurred.
   Substantial improvements and upgrades are capitalised to the extent that the criteria for capitalisation of an asset
   item apply.

   INVESTMENT PROPERTY

          In the financial year 2023, accounting for investment property was applied for the first time in accordance
   with IAS 40. These are accounted for in the same way as property, plant and equipment in accordance with the
   cost model, with their acquisition or production costs less scheduled depreciation and any necessary impairment
   losses. Depreciation is carried out on a straight-line basis and the useful lives are generally equivalent to those of
   property, plant and equipment used in-house.

   OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (NOT INCLUDING GOODWILL)

         Acquired intangible assets largely consist of concessions, intellectual property rights and similar rights.
   These are measured at acquisition cost, net of accumulated amortisation. The useful life of intangible assets is
   between three and ten years. Scheduled depreciation is done on a straight-line basis.




                                                    – II-238 –
APPENDIX II                         FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

         If the capitalisation requirements of IAS 38.57 “Intangible Assets” are met cumulatively, expenses in the
   development phase for internally generated intangible assets are capitalised at the time they arise. In subsequent
   periods, internally generated intangible assets and acquired intangible assets are measured at cost less
   accumulated amortisation and impairment losses. In the Group, internally generated intangible assets are
   generally depreciated on a straight-line basis over a useful life of 3 years.

          There are also trademark rights acquired for a fee in relation to Cobra Golf. Cobra Golf, founded in 1978,
   has a brand history spanning over 40 years in golf. The Cobra brand represents the core of the Golf business area
   and is continued through ongoing marketing investments by the PUMA Group in the Cobra brand. Due to the
   stability of the golf market and the continuation of the brand by PUMA, an indefinite useful life is assumed for
   the Cobra brand.

   IMPAIRMENT OF ASSETS

          Intangible assets with an indefinite useful life are not amortised according to schedule but are subjected to
   an annual impairment test. Property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, and other intangible assets with
   finite useful lives are tested for impairment if there is any indication of impairment in the value of the asset
   concerned. In order to determine whether there is a requirement to record the impairment of an asset, the
   recoverable amount of the respective asset (the higher amount of the fair value less costs to sell and value in
   use) is compared with the carrying amount of the asset. If the recoverable amount is lower than the carrying
   amount, the difference is recorded as an impairment loss. The test for impairment is performed, if possible, at the
   level of the respective individual asset, otherwise at the level of the cash-generating unit. Goodwill, on the other
   hand, is tested for impairment only at the level of a group of cash-generating units. If it is determined within the
   scope of the impairment test that an asset needs to be impaired, then the goodwill, if any, of the group of
   cash-generating units is written down initially and, in a second step, the remaining amount is distributed
   proportionately over the remaining assets within the application scope of IAS 36. If the reason for the recorded
   impairment no longer applies, a reversal of impairment loss is recorded to the maximum amount of the amortised
   costs. There is no reversal of an impairment loss for goodwill.

          The recoverable amount is primarily calculated using the discounted cash flow method. For determining
   the fair value less costs to sell and value in use, the expected cash flows are based on corporate planning data.
   Expected cash flows are discounted using an interest rate in line with market conditions. As part of the fair value
   determination less cost to sell, no special synergies of cash-generating units are taken into account, and corporate
   planning data is adjusted to the assumptions of market participants, if required. Moreover, there is a difference
   between the fair value less costs to sell and the value in use because the costs to sell are also taken into account.

         Trademarks with an indefinite useful life are subjected to an impairment test based on the relief from
   royalty-method during the financial year or when the occasion arises. If there is evidence that the underlying
   Cobra business is insufficiently profitable, the trademark is not only valued individually using the relief from
   royalty-method, but the recoverable amount of the cash-generating units to which the trademark is attributable is
   determined.

           See chapter 11 for further details, in particular regarding the assumptions used for the calculation.

   BORROWINGS, OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AND OTHER LIABILITIES

         In general, these items are recognised at fair value, taking into account transaction costs, and subsequently
   recognised at amortised cost. Non-interest or low-interest-bearing liabilities with a term of at least one year are
   recognised at present value, taking into account an interest rate in line with market conditions, and are
   compounded until their maturity at their repayment amount.

          The “trading” business model is used for financial liabilities in the form of derivatives without a hedge
   relationship. These are valued at fair value through profit or loss (FVPL).

           Current borrowings also include those long-term loans that have a maximum residual term of up to one
   year.




                                                    – II-239 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

          PUMA offers its suppliers a supplier financing programme. This is reverse factoring, the financing
   conditions of which are also linked to the achievement of sustainability targets by the suppliers in most cases.
   Participation in the programme is voluntary for the suppliers and helps them to already pre-finance the supplier
   invoices to PUMA from one of the partner banks against an interest discount significantly before the customary
   payment date. PUMA is not affected by the participation of the suppliers in the supplier financing programme (in
   particular no changes to the payment terms, no changes to the payment methods and/or no changes to the original
   contractual conditions). Accordingly, the liabilities are recognised in the balance sheet as trade payables, and
   cash outflows are allocated to the cash inflow from operating activities in the cash flow statement.

   PROVISIONS FOR PENSIONS AND SIMILAR OBLIGATIONS

          In addition to defined benefit plans, some companies apply defined contribution plans, which do not result
   in any additional pension commitment other than the current contributions. The pension provision under defined
   benefit plans is generally calculated using the projected unit credit method. This method takes into account not
   only known pension benefits and pension rights accrued as of the reporting date, but also expected future salary
   and pension increases. The defined benefit obligation (DBO) is calculated by discounting expected future cash
   outflows at the rate of return on senior, fixed-rate corporate bonds. The currencies and maturity periods of the
   underlying corporate bonds are consistent with the currencies and maturity periods of the obligations to be
   satisfied. In some of the plans, the obligation is accompanied by a plan asset. In that case, the pension provision
   shown is reduced by the plan asset.

         Details regarding the assumed life expectancy, the mortality tables used and other assumptions are shown
   in chapter 15.

   OTHER PROVISIONS

          Provisions for the expected expenses from warranty obligations pursuant to the respective national sales
   contract laws are recognised at the time of sale of the relevant products, according to the best estimate in
   relation to the expenditure needed in order to fulfil the Group’s obligation.

         Provisions are also made to account for onerous contracts. An onerous contract is assumed to exist where
   the unavoidable costs for fulfilling the contract exceed the economic benefit arising from this contract.

   MANAGEMENT INCENTIVE PROGRAMMES

          PUMA uses cash-settled share-based payments, share-based payments settled in cash or equities, and key
   performance indicator-based long-term incentive programmes. The share-based payments settled in cash or
   equities are accounted for in the same way as cash-settled share-based payments.

         Detailed information on the management incentive programmes is presented in Chapter 18.

   RECOGNITION OF SALES

          The Group recognises sales from the sale of sporting goods. The sales are measured at fair value of the
   consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled from the contract with customers, taking into account
   returns, discounts and rebates. Amounts collected on behalf of third parties (such as VAT) are not included in
   sales. The Group records sales at the time when PUMA fulfils its performance obligation to customers and has
   transferred the right of disposal over the product to customers.

          The Group sells footwear, apparel and accessories both to wholesalers and directly to customers through
   its own retail activities and online sales channels. Meanwhile, the sales-related warranty services cannot be
   purchased separately and do not lead to services that go beyond the assurance of the specifications at the time of
   the transfer of risk. Accordingly, the Group records warranties in the balance sheet in accordance with IAS 37
   “Provisions, contingent liabilities and contingent assets”.




                                                  – II-240 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

          In the case of sales of products to wholesalers, the sales revenue is recorded at the date on which the right
   of disposal over the products is transferred to customers, in other words, when the products have been shipped to
   the specific location of the wholesaler (delivery). After delivery, the wholesaler bears the inventory risk and has
   full right of disposal over the manner and means of distribution and the selling price of the products. In the case
   of sales to end customers in the Group’s own retail stores, the sales are recorded at the date when the right of
   disposal over the products is transferred to the end customer, in other words, the date on which the end customer
   buys the products in the retail store. The payment of the purchase price is due as soon as the customers purchase
   the products. In the case of sales of goods through our own online sales channels, sales are realised when the end
   customers have accepted the goods and the power of disposal over the goods has been passed to the end
   customer. The payment terms applied correspond to the standard industry payment terms for each country.

         Under certain conditions and according to the contractual stipulations, customers have the option to
   exchange products or return them for a credit. The amount of the expected returns is estimated on the basis of
   past experience and is deducted from sales in the form of a liability based on refund obligations. The asset value
   of the right arising from the product return claim is recorded under inventories and leads to a corresponding
   reduction of cost of sales.

   ROYALTY AND COMMISSION INCOME

          The Group recognises license and commission income from the out-licensing of trademark rights to third
   parties in accordance with IFRS 15 Revenue from contracts with customers. Income from royalties is recognised
   in the income statement in accordance with the invoices to be submitted by the licensees. In certain cases, values
   must be estimated in order to permit accounting on an accrual basis. Commission income is invoiced if the
   underlying purchase transaction is classified as realised.

   ADVERTISING AND PROMOTIONAL EXPENSES

          Advertising expenses are recognised in the income statement at the time they are incurred. In general,
   promotional expenses stretching over several years are recognised as an expense over the contractual term on an
   accrual basis. Any expenditure surplus exceeding the economic benefit that results from this allocation of
   expenses after the balance sheet date is recognised in the financial statements in the form of an impairment of
   assets and, if necessary, a provision for anticipated losses. If promotional and advertising contracts provide for
   additional payments when predefined targets are achieved (e.g. medals, championships), which cannot be
   predicted exactly in terms of time and amount, they are recognised in full in profit or loss at the relevant date.

   FINANCIAL RESULT

          The financial result includes interest income from financial investments and interest expenses from loans,
   along with interest income and expenses in connection with derivative financial instruments. Financial results
   also include interest expenses from lease liabilities as well as discounted, non-current liabilities associated with
   acquisitions and those arising from the valuation of pension commitments, in addition to interest income from
   finance leases.

         Exchange rate effects that can be directly allocated to an underlying transaction are shown in the
   respective income statement item.

   INCOME TAXES

         Current income taxes are determined in accordance with the tax regulations of the respective countries
   where the individual Group companies conduct their operations.

           PUMA management regularly assesses individual tax issues to determine whether there is scope for
   interpretation in view of existing tax regulations. If appropriate, these issues are taken into account in income tax
   liabilities or deferred taxes. The income tax assessment is generally carried out at the level of the individual
   case, taking into account any possible interactions. Appropriate balance sheet provisions have been made for
   potential risks from uncertain tax positions, taking into account IFRIC 23.




                                                   – II-241 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

   DEFERRED TAXES

           Deferred taxes resulting from temporary valuation differences between the IFRS and tax balance sheets of
   individual Group companies and from consolidation procedures, which are levied by the same taxation authority
   and can be netted, are charged to each taxable entity and recognised either as deferred tax assets or deferred tax
   liabilities.

           Deferred tax assets may also include claims for tax reductions that result from the expected utilisation of
   existing losses carried forward to subsequent years and which is likely to materialise. Deferred tax assets or
   liabilities may also result from accounting treatments that do not affect the income statement.

         Deferred tax assets are recognised only to the extent that the respective tax advantage is likely to
   materialise.

   ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY

           The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires some assumptions and estimates that have
   an impact on the measurement and presentation of the recognised assets and liabilities, income and expenses, and
   contingent liabilities. The assumptions and estimates are based on premises, which in turn are based on currently
   available information. In individual cases, the actual values may deviate from the assumptions and estimates
   made. Consequently, future periods involve a risk of adjustment to the carrying amount of the assets and
   liabilities concerned. If the actual development differs from the expectation, the premises and, if necessary, the
   carrying amounts of the relevant assets and liabilities are adjusted with an effect on profit or loss.

         All assumptions and estimates are continuously reassessed. They are based on historical experiences and
   other factors, including expectations regarding future global and industry-related trends that appear reasonable
   under the current circumstances. Assumptions and estimates mainly relate to the valuation of goodwill and
   trademarks, inventories, liabilities from refund obligations, taxes and leases in which PUMA is the lessee. The
   most significant forward-looking assumptions and sources of estimation and uncertainty as of the reporting date
   concerning the above-mentioned items are discussed below.

   Goodwill and brands

          A review of the impairment of goodwill is based on the calculation of the value in use as a leading
   valuation concept. In order to calculate the value in use, the Group must estimate the future cash flows from
   those cash-generating units to which the goodwill is allocated. To this end, the data used were from the
   three-year plan, which is based on forecasts of the overall economic development and the resulting
   industry-specific consumer behaviour. Another key assumption concerns the determination of an appropriate
   interest rate for discounting the cash flow to present value (discounted cash flow method). The relief from
   royalty-method is used to value brands. See chapter 11 for further details, in particular regarding the assumptions
   used for the calculation.

   Inventories

         Inventories are measured at acquisition or manufacturing cost or at the lower net realisable values derived
   from the selling price at the balance sheet date. Value adjustments are adequately recorded, depending on age,
   seasonality and realisable market prices. Further details on the inventory valuation are provided in chapter 4.

   Liabilities from refund obligations

         The Group recognises sales from the sale of sporting goods. The sales are measured at fair value of the
   consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled from the contract with customers, taking into account
   returns, discounts and rebates. As customers have the opportunity to exchange goods under certain conditions and
   in accordance with the contractual agreements, the amount of expected return deliveries is estimated on the basis
   of experience. The accrual of sales takes place via the liability from refund obligations.




                                                  – II-242 –
APPENDIX II                         FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

   Taxes

          Tax items are determined taking into account the various prevailing local tax laws and the relevant
   administrative opinions and, due to their complexity, may be subject to different interpretations by persons
   subject to tax on the one hand and the tax authorities on the other hand. Differing interpretations of tax laws may
   result in subsequent tax payments for past years; these are included based on the assessment of the management,
   using the most probable amount or the expected value for the individual case.

         The recognition of deferred taxes requires that estimates and assumptions be made concerning future tax
   planning strategies as well as expected dates of occurrence and the amount of future taxable income. The taxable
   income from the relevant corporate planning is derived for this assessment. It takes into account the past
   financial position and the business development expected in the future. Deferred tax assets are recorded in the
   event of companies incurring a loss only if it is highly probable that future positive results will be achieved. See
   Chapter 8 for further information.

   PUMA as lessee

         The measurement of lease liabilities under leases in which PUMA is the lessee is based on assumptions for
   the discount rates used, the lease term and the determination of fixed lease payments. To determine the present
   value of future minimum lease payments, PUMA uses country- and currency-specific interest rates on borrowings
   with compatible terms. In addition to the basic lease period, the Group includes extension options in the
   determination of the lease term if management is sufficiently certain that such options will be exercised after
   taking into account all facts and circumstances. The fixed lease payments also include firmly agreed upon
   minimum amounts for agreements with a predominantly variable lease amount.

   DISCRETIONARY DECISIONS

          The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires discretionary decisions relating to the
   application of accounting methods and the amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses reported.
   Information on the application of accounting policies that have the most material impact on the amounts recorded
   in the financial statements can be found in the following notes:

           Evaluation of the control of companies with non-controlling interests

                 The determination as to whether the Group controls the companies with non-controlling interests is
           presented in chapter 28, Information on non-controlling interests.

           PUMA as lessee

                  The accounting for leases in which PUMA is the lessee includes discretionary decisions, in
           particular in relation to the term of the lease agreements with regard to determining whether the exercise
           of extension options is sufficiently certain.

                  Some real estate leases contain extension options that can only be exercised by PUMA and not by
           the lessor. If possible, the Group seeks to include extension options when concluding new leases in order
           to ensure operational flexibility. On the date of provision, the Group assesses whether it is sufficiently
           certain that the extension options will be exercised. The assessment is carried out individually for each
           contract and takes into account the amount of the company’s own investments and the possibility of
           changing macroeconomic conditions in the future. If significant events or significant changes occur during
           the term of the contract that are within PUMA’s control, it will be reassessed as to whether it is
           sufficiently certain that the extension option will be exercised.

                 Significant discretionary decisions are made in the subsequent valuation of rights of use for retail
           stores in the context of assessing the existence of an impairment and determining the impairment
           requirement. Among other things, assumptions are made about the duration of the lease, the future
           economic development and profitability of the retail stores, and also the underlying interest rate.




                                                   – II-243 –
APPENDIX II                          FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

3.    CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

      As of 31 December 2023, the Group has €552.9 million (previous year: €463.1 million) in cash and cash
equivalents. This includes bank balances, including short-term financial investments with an original term of up to
three months. The average effective interest rate of the financial investments was 1.1% (previous year: 1.7%) for
countries without hyperinflation. In countries with hyperinflation, the average effective interest rate of financial
investments was 40.9% (previous year: 33.4%). Due to currency exchange controls, transfer restrictions of €45.6
million (previous year: €93.3 million) were placed on the cash and cash equivalents reported.

4.    INVENTORIES

      Inventories are allocated to the following main groups:

      T.11 INVENTORIES (in € million)

                                                                                          2023                  2022

      Goods/inventory and finished goods
        Footwear                                                                          625.9                750.2
        Apparel                                                                           420.8                519.0
        Accessories/Other                                                                 216.0                266.4
      Raw materials, consumables and supplies                                              34.9                 46.8
      Prepayments made                                                                      2.9                  3.2
      Goods in transit                                                                    458.7                592.6
      Inventory adjustments related to returns                                             45.2                 66.9


      Total                                                                             1,804.4              2,245.1


      The raw materials, consumables and supplies mainly relate to raw materials for the production of golf clubs and
footwear.

      The table shows the carrying amounts of the inventories net of value adjustments. Of the value adjustments in
the amount of €157.1 million (previous year: €217.0 million) approx. 64.3% (previous year: approx. 67.5%) were
recognised as an expense under cost of sales in financial year 2023. The volume of inventories recorded as an expense
during the period mainly includes the cost of sales shown in the consolidated income statement.

      The inventory adjustments related to returns represents the historical acquisition or production costs of the
inventories for which a return is expected.

5.    TRADE RECEIVABLES

      The trade receivables are broken down as follows:

      T.12 TRADE RECEIVABLES (in € million)

                                                                                          2023                  2022

      Trade receivables, gross                                                          1,183.4              1,122.8
      Less provision for risks                                                            -65.0                -57.9


      Trade receivables, net                                                            1,118.4              1,064.9




                                                     – II-244 –
APPENDIX II                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

       The change in the provision for risks for financial assets in the “trade receivables” class measured at amortised
cost relates to receivables in connection with revenues from contracts with customers and has developed as follows:

      T.13 CHANGE OF RISK PROVISIONS FOR TRADE RECEIVABLES (in € million)

                                                                                              2023                  2022

      Status of provision for risks as of 1 January                                            57.9                 58.7
      Exchange rate differences                                                                -1.6                  0.4
      Additions                                                                                26.7                 20.3
      Utilization                                                                              -3.8                 -5.6
      Reversals of unused provision for risks                                                 -14.3                -15.8


      Status of provision for risks as of 31 December                                         65.0                  57.9


      The age structure of the trade receivables is as follows:

      T.14 AGE STRUCTURE 2023 (in € million)

                                                                                        overdue
                                                                                                      90–180   Over 180
      2023                                 Total       Not due     0–30 days    31–90 days              days       days

      Gross carrying amount –
        Trade receivables                1,183.4         952.3           92.4          83.4             14.1        41.4
      Provision for risks                  -65.0         -16.4           -4.0          -8.2             -4.5       -31.9


      Net carrying amount –
       Trade receivables                 1,118.4         935.8           88.4          75.2              9.6         9.5


      Expected loss rate                                  1.7%          4.3%           9.8%           32.0%       77.1%

      T.15 AGE STRUCTURE 2022 (in € million)

                                                                                        overdue
                                                                                                      90–180   Over 180
      2022                                 Total       Not due     0–30 days    31–90 days              days       days

      Gross carrying amount –
        Trade receivables                1,122.8         986.7           58.5          26.4             11.6        39.7
      Provision for risks                  -57.9         -21.2           -3.7          -2.7             -2.7       -27.6


      Net carrying amount –
       Trade receivables                 1,064.9         965.5           54.8          23.7              8.9        12.1


      Expected loss rate                                  2.1%          6.3%         10.2%            23.6%       69.6%

      With respect to the net carrying amounts of trade receivables, PUMA assumes that the debtors will satisfy their
payment obligations or that, in the event of a default, the net carrying amount will be covered by existing credit
insurance. There are no significant risk concentrations as the customer base is very broad and there are no correlations.




                                                      – II-245 –
APPENDIX II                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

6.    OTHER CURRENT FINANCIAL ASSETS

      Other current financial assets are broken down as follows:

      T.16 OTHER CURRENT FINANCIAL ASSETS (in € million)

                                                                                         2023                 2022

      Fair value of derivative financial instruments                                     34.5                115.9
      Lease receivables                                                                  14.9                  0.0
      Other financial assets                                                             45.6                 21.6


      Total                                                                              94.9                137.4


      The amount shown is due within one year. The fair value corresponds to the carrying amount.

7.    OTHER CURRENT ASSETS

      Other current assets are broken down as follows:

      T.17 OTHER CURRENT ASSETS (in € million)

                                                                                         2023                 2022

      Prepaid expense relating to the subsequent period                                  98.3                 86.2
      Other receivables                                                                 172.1                149.8


      Total                                                                             270.4                235.9


      The amount shown is due within one year. The fair value corresponds to the carrying amount.

      Other receivables mainly comprise receivables relating to VAT of €98.9 million (previous year: €97.9 million)
and other taxes of €25.6 million (previous year: €30.3 million).




                                                       – II-246 –
APPENDIX II                              FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

8.    DEFERRED TAXES

      Deferred taxes relate to the items shown below:

      T.18 DEFERRED TAXES 1 (in € million)

                                                                                             2023                   2022

      Tax loss carryforwards                                                                  76.9                  57.5
      Inventories                                                                             74.5                  90.8
      Remaining current assets                                                                13.5                  13.5
      Non-current assets                                                                      56.3                  37.6
      Lease liabilities (current and non-current)                                            290.8                 289.6
      Provisions and other liabilities                                                       118.1                 142.6


      Deferred tax assets (before netting)                                                   630.1                 631.6


      Current assets                                                                          17.4                  37.6
      Intangible assets                                                                       42.1                  44.1
      Right-of-use assets                                                                    258.2                 260.5
      Remaining non-current assets                                                            24.6                  32.4
      Provisions and other liabilities                                                         4.1                   4.0


      Deferred tax liabilities (before netting)                                              346.4                 378.5


      Deferred tax assets, net                                                               283.7                 253.1


      1
            In order to better provide decision-relevant information, the data – including the previous year’s figures –
            has been adjusted.

      As of 31 December 2023, tax losses carried forward amounted to a total of €447.9 million (previous year:
€360.7 million). Deferred tax assets were recognised for these items in the amount at which the associated tax
advantages are likely to be realised in the form of future profits for income tax purposes. In financial year 2023, no
deferred tax items were recognised for the losses carried forward in the amount of €102.9 million (previous year:
€93.5 million), of which €94.5 million (previous year: €88.2 million) are vested. The remaining tax losses carried
forward, for which no deferred tax items were recognised, in the amount of €8.3 million (previous year: €5.3 million)
will expire within the next six years 1 .

      In addition, no deferred tax items were recognised for temporary differences in the amount of €27.0 million
(previous year: €22.6 million) because they were not expected to be realised as of the balance sheet date.

      For Group companies that achieved a negative tax result in this or the previous financial year, a total of deferred
tax assets in the amount of €157.1 million were recognised after deduction of any deferred tax liabilities (previous
year: €70.0 million) as sufficiently positive tax results can be expected in the future on the basis of the relevant
projections.

      No deferred taxes on retained profits at subsidiaries were recognised where these gains are to be reinvested on an
ongoing basis and there is no intention to make a distribution in this respect.




1
      In order to better provide decision-relevant information, the data – including the previous year’s figures – has
      been adjusted.



                                                      – II-247 –
APPENDIX II                         FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

     Deferred tax assets and liabilities are netted if they relate to a taxable entity and can in fact be netted.
Accordingly, they are shown in the balance sheet as follows:

     T.19 DEFERRED TAX ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (in € million)

                                                                                       2023                 2022

     Deferred tax assets                                                              296.1                295.0
     Deferred tax liabilities                                                          12.4                 42.0


     Deferred tax assets, net                                                         283.7                253.1


     The changes in deferred tax assets (net) were as follows:

     T.20 MOVEMENT OF DEFERRED TAXES (in € million)

                                                                                       2023                 2022

     Deferred tax assets, net as of 1 January                                         253.1                231.1
     Recognition in the income statement                                               22.8                 25.1
     Adjustment related to remeasurements of the net defined benefit
       liability, recognised in other comprehensive income                               0.2                 -2.5
     Adjustment related to the market value of hedging contracts,
       recognised in other comprehensive income                                         10.1                 -0.7
     Currency exchange effects                                                          -2.5                  0.0


     Deferred tax assets, net as of 31 December                                       283.7                253.1




                                                   – II-248 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

9.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

     The development of property, plant and equipment is shown in the following tables:

     T.21 MOVEMENTS PROPERTY, PLANT & EQUIPMENT 2023 (in € million)

                                                                            Other
                                                          Technical    equipment,     Payments on
                                                         equipment    factory and     account and
                                                               and           office   assets under
                                      Real Estate         machines      equipment     construction     Total

     Purchase costs as of
       1 January 2023                        175.2           170.8           706.2            75.1   1,127.3
     Additions                                23.9            16.6           118.4            66.5     225.4
     Disposals                                -4.8            -0.4           -41.0            -2.8     -49.0
     Transfers                                 0.1            39.7             2.2           -42.3      -0.4
     Currency changes                         -5.0            -4.1           -32.6            -1.8     -43.4


     As of 31 December 2023                  189.5           222.5           753.2            94.8   1,260.0


     Accumulated depreciation
       as of 1 January 2023                  -54.5            -37.3         -443.2            -0.1   -535.2
     Depreciation                             -6.2            -15.0          -84.4             0.0   -105.7
     Disposals                                 3.5              0.4           38.6             0.0     42.5
     Transfers                                 0.0             -0.3           -0.0             0.0     -0.3
     Currency changes                          1.2              2.5           20.3             0.1     24.2


     As of 31 December 2023                  -56.0            -49.7         -468.7             0.0   -574.4


     Net carrying amount as of
      31 December 2023                       133.5           172.8           284.6            94.8    685.6




                                                     – II-249 –
APPENDIX II                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      T.22 MOVEMENTS PROPERTY, PLANT & EQUIPMENT 2022 (in € million)

                                                                                Other
                                                             Technical     equipment,     Payments on
                                                            equipment     factory and     account and
                                                                  and            office   assets under
                                         Real Estate         machines       equipment     construction            Total

      Purchase costs as of
        1 January 2022                         168.6            145.2            574.1             42.1           930.0
      Additions                                  0.9              6.8            112.7             79.5           199.9
      Disposals                                 -0.2             -0.5            -45.0             -2.4           -48.1
      Transfers                                 -4.2             12.8             44.9            -44.8             8.5
      Currency changes                          10.1              6.5             19.6              0.8            37.0


      As of 31 December 2022                   175.2            170.8            706.2             75.1         1,127.3


      Accumulated depreciation
        as of 1 January 2022                    -47.0            -19.5          -391.1              0.0          -457.6
      Depreciation                               -6.0             -9.0           -78.7              0.0           -93.7
      Disposals                                   0.1              0.4            43.6              0.0            44.2
      Transfers                                   0.1             -4.1            -0.0             -0.1            -4.2
      Impairment                                  0.0              0.0            -0.6              0.0            -0.6
      Currency changes                           -1.7             -5.2           -16.4              0.0           -23.2


      As of 31 December 2022                    -54.5            -37.3          -443.2             -0.1          -535.2


      Net carrying amount as of
       31 December 2022                        120.7            133.5            263.1             75.0           592.2


      Investment properties are included under real estate within property, plant and equipment with a carrying amount
of €21.1 million (previous year: €0.0 million) as of 31 December 2023. The fair value of investment properties as of
31 December 2023 is €23.3 million (previous year: €0.0 million). This was determined by external, independent
experts who have relevant professional qualifications and current experience with the location and type of properties to
be valued. The fair value was determined on the basis of the market-comparative approach, which reflects the most
recent transaction prices for similar properties.

       The rental income generated by the Group from investment properties amounted to €0.6 million in the financial
year (previous year: €0.0 million). Direct operating expenses for investment properties, which generated rental income
in the financial year, amounted to €0.0 million (previous year: €0.0 million).




                                                        – II-250 –
APPENDIX II                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

10.   LEASES

      PUMA AS LESSEE

             The Group rents and leases offices, warehouses, facilities, technical equipment and machinery, motor
      vehicles and sales rooms for its own retail business. As a rule, the lease agreements have a term of between one
      and fifteen years. Some agreements include renewal options and price adjustment clauses.

            The carrying amounts for right-of-use assets recognised in the balance sheet relate to the following asset
      classes:

            T.23 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS 2023 (in € million)

                                                                                                Others
                                                                                             (technical
                                                                        Real Estate –   equipment and
                                                      Real Estate –    Warehouses &      machines and
                                                       Retail stores          offices         vehicles)         Total

            Depreciation                                      107.1              89.7             12.2          209.0
            Additions                                         174.1              71.9             14.3          260.3
            Net carrying amount as of
             31 December 2023                                 464.2            557.7              65.7        1,087.7

            T.24 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS 2022 (in € million)

                                                                                                Others
                                                                                             (technical
                                                                        Real Estate –   equipment and
                                                      Real Estate –    Warehouses &      machines and
                                                       Retail stores          offices         vehicles)         Total

            Depreciation                                      110.1             82.1              10.6          202.8
            Additions                                         187.1            188.8              29.5          405.4
            Net carrying amount as of
             31 December 2022                                 430.9            613.1              67.3        1,111.3

            The following lease liabilities result:

            T.25 LEASE LIABILITIES (in € million)

                                                                                              2023               2022

            Current lease liabilities                                                         212.4             200.2
            Non-current lease liabilities                                                   1,020.0           1,030.3


            Total                                                                           1,232.4           1,230.4




                                                        – II-251 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

         The amounts recognised in the income statement are as follows:

         T.26 RECOGNISED IN INCOME STATEMENT (in € million)

                                                                                         2023                   2022

         Depreciation of right-of-use assets incl. impairment losses and
           reversal of impairment losses (included in operating
           expenses)                                                                     202.8                 228.1
         Interest expense (included in financial expenses)                                46.8                  38.6
         Expenses short-term leases (included in operating expenses)                      11.3                  10.1
         Expenses leases of low-value assets (included in operating
           expenses)                                                                       1.2                   1.0
         Expenses variable lease payments (included in operating
           expenses)                                                                      35.4                  29.7


         Total                                                                           297.5                 307.6


          Variable lease payments are incurred in connection with the Group’s own retail stores. These are based on
   the sales amount and are therefore dependent on the overall economic development.

         Total cash outflows from lease liabilities in 2023 amounted to €254.8 million (previous year: €228.7
   million).

         Due to reduced earnings prospects based on updated financial planning and estimates as well as retail store
   closures, impairment expenses in the total amount of €5.7 million were recorded for the right of use of assets in
   connection with PUMA’s own retail stores in financial year 2023 (previous year: €25.4 million). To determine
   the impairment, the recoverable amount was calculated for the individual retail stores. This amounted to €65.3
   million for impaired retail stores (previous year: €111.4 million). In the financial year, impairment reversals in
   the amount of €11.9 million (previous year: €0.0 million) were recorded for retail stores. There were no
   impairment losses or impairment reversals in the other categories of right-of-use assets.

          In 2023, PUMA entered into lease agreements that had not yet commenced by year-end. As a result, no
   lease liabilities and corresponding right-of-use assets had been recognised as of 31 December 2023. Future lease
   payments in connection with these agreements amount to €2.0 million (previous year: €2.6 million) for the next
   year, €28.2 million for years two to five (previous year: €13.7 million) and €48.5 million for the subsequent
   period (previous year: €8.7 million). The lease terms for these are up to 15 years.

         The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is as follows:

         T.27 MATURITY ANALYSIS OF LEASE LIABILITIES (in € million)

                                                                                         2023                   2022

         Due within one year                                                             255.8                 234.0
         Due between one and five years                                                  679.6                 665.3
         Due after five years                                                            510.4                 541.2


         Total (undiscounted)                                                          1,445.8               1,440.6
         Interest expense (not yet realised)                                            -213.4                -210.2


         Total                                                                         1,232.4               1,230.4




                                                   – II-252 –
APPENDIX II                       FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

   PUMA AS LESSOR

          PUMA rents out properties owned and leased as a lessor. From the lessor’s point of view, these (sub)leases
   are classified as operating or finance leases. In the previous year, PUMA did not rent out any properties.

         The net investments from finance leases are shown as receivables in the balance sheet and are reduced by
   the repayment portion included in the lease payment. The interest portion included in the lease payment is
   reported as interest income in the financial result.

          The maturities of the existing receivables on lease payments against third parties classified as finance
   leases are as follows:

         T.28 MATURITY ANALYSIS OF LEASE RECEIVABLES (in € million)

                                                                                                               2023

         Due within one year                                                                                   16.8
         Due between one and five years                                                                        24.8
         Due after five years                                                                                   4.5


         Total (undiscounted)                                                                                  46.1
         Interest income (not yet realised)                                                                    -5.4
         Provision for risks                                                                                   -0.5


         Total                                                                                                 40.2


         The following income was recognised in the income statement in connection with leases:

         T.29 RECOGNISED IN INCOME STATEMENT (in € million)

                                                                                                               2023

         Operating leases
         Fixed rental income                                                                                    1.0
         Finance leases
         Variable rental income                                                                                 0.4


         Total rental income (included in other operating income)                                               1.4


         Selling profit (included in other operating income)                                                    8.0
         Interest income (included in financial income)                                                         1.2

        Future lease payments from operating leases for the coming year amount to €1.6 million (previous year:
   €0.0 million) and to €5.1 million for years two to five (previous year: €0.0 million).




                                                  – II-253 –
APPENDIX II                          FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

11.   INTANGIBLE ASSETS

      Intangible Assets mainly include goodwill, intangible assets with indefinite useful lives (e.g. brands), assets
associated with the Company’s own retail activities and software licenses.

      The development of intangible assets is shown in the following table:

      T.30 MOVEMENTS INTANGIBLE ASSETS 2023 (in € million)

                                                                       Intangible
                                                                   assets with an            Other
                                                                        indefinite       intangible
                                                      Goodwill         useful life           assets            Total

      Purchase costs as of 1 January 2023                 289.3               151.0          341.0             781.2
      Additions                                             0.0                 0.0           74.2              74.2
      Disposals                                             0.0                 0.0          -16.8             -16.8
      Transfers                                             0.0                 0.0            0.6               0.6
      Currency changes                                     -4.0                -4.6           -1.5             -10.1


      As of 31 December 2023                              285.3               146.3          397.5             829.1


      Accumulated depreciation as of
        1 January 2023                                    -46.6               -17.6          -210.5           -274.7
      Depreciation                                          0.0                 0.0           -37.0            -37.0
      Disposals                                             0.0                 0.0            11.9             11.9
      Transfers                                             0.0                 0.0            -0.1             -0.1
      Currency changes                                      0.4                 0.0             1.3              1.6


      As of 31 December 2023                              -46.3               -17.6          -234.5           -298.2


      Net carrying amount as of
       31 December 2023                                   239.0               128.7          163.0             530.8




                                                    – II-254 –
APPENDIX II                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      T.31 MOVEMENTS INTANGIBLE ASSETS 2022 (in € million)

                                                                         Intangible
                                                                     assets with an             Other
                                                                          indefinite        intangible
                                                        Goodwill         useful life            assets              Total

      Purchase costs as of 1 January 2022                   291.5              143.2             276.6              711.4
      Additions                                               0.0                0.0              64.0               64.0
      Disposals                                               0.0                0.0              -2.4               -2.4
      Transfers                                               0.0                0.0               1.3                1.3
      Currency changes                                       -2.2                7.8               1.4                6.9


      As of 31 December 2022                                289.3              151.0             341.0              781.2


      Accumulated depreciation as of
        1 January 2022                                       -46.8             -17.6             -175.1            -239.5
      Depreciation                                             0.0               0.0              -36.3             -36.3
      Disposals                                                0.0               0.0                2.2               2.2
      Transfers                                                0.0               0.0               -0.2              -0.2
      Currency changes                                         0.2               0.0               -1.1              -1.0


      As of 31 December 2022                                 -46.6             -17.6             -210.5            -274.7


      Net carrying amount as of
       31 December 2022                                     242.7              133.4             130.4              506.5


      The item Other intangible assets includes advance payments in the amount of €21.6 million (previous year: €5.6
million).

      The current amortisation of intangible assets in the amount of €37.0 million (previous year: €36.3 million) is
included in the other operating expenses. Of this, €11.5 million relate to sales and distribution expenses (previous year:
€7.7 million), €0.1 million to expenses for product management/merchandising (previous year: €0.1 million), €0.0 to
development expenses (previous year: €1.9 million), and €25.3 million to administrative and general expenses
(previous year: €26.5 million).

      INFORMATION ON PLANNING ASSUMPTIONS FOR IMPAIRMENT TESTS

            Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortised according to schedule.
      Impairment tests with regard to goodwill were performed in the past financial year using the discounted cash
      flow method. The data from the three-year plan for the respective cash-generating unit or group of
      cash-generating units was used as a basis for this. Planning on the level of the cash-generating units was thereby
      derived from the PUMA Group’s three-year plan. The following key assumptions have been made for the PUMA
      Group plans:

            Based on the basic assumptions regarding overall economic development, planning at Group level assumes
      that geopolitical tensions will not increase any further. Under these conditions, we expect our business to
      continue to grow profitably.

             Planned sales growth is based on the good future growth prospects in the sporting goods industry and on
      market share gains by PUMA. This is to be achieved, in particular, via the continued consistent implementation
      of the Forever Faster corporate strategy and the increase in PUMA’s brand heat.




                                                      – II-255 –
APPENDIX II                       FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

         The improvement in EBIT margin in the planning period is the result of a slight increase in gross profit
   margin due to, for example, a higher share of own retail sales as a result of above-average growth of the
   e-commerce distribution channel. Furthermore, the slightly weaker percentage increase of other operating income
   and expenses compared to sales growth is also expected to contribute to the improvement of the EBIT margin;
   for example, the operating requirements for planned sales growth over the coming years have essentially been
   met, meaning that economies of scale can be realised.

         The planning of investments and working capital is based on historical experience and is carried out in
   accordance with strategic objectives.

         The future tax payments are based on current tax rates in the respective country.

          For periods beyond the three-year plan, an annual growth rate is determined and used to forecast future
   cash flows beyond the three-year period. The assumed growth rate is based on long-term expectations of inflation
   rates and does not exceed the long-term average growth rates for the business area in which the respective
   cash-generating unit, or group of cash-generating units, operates.

          The recoverable amount for the respective cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units was
   determined on the basis of the value-in-use. This did not result in impairment losses for any cash-generating
   units.

   INTANGIBLE ASSETS WITH AN INDEFINITE USEFUL LIFE

          In connection with the Golf business unit (CPG – Cobra PUMA Golf), the Cobra brand exists as an
   intangible asset with an indefinite useful life amounting to €128.7 million (previous year: €133.4 million). The
   carrying amount of the Cobra brand is significant in comparison to the overall carrying amount of the intangible
   assets with an indefinite useful life. It was assigned to the North America business segment, where the
   headquarters of Cobra PUMA Golf is located. The recoverable amount of the Cobra brand was determined using
   the relief from royalty-method (level 3 – see explanation in chapter 14). A discount rate of 10.6% p.a. (previous
   year: 9.4% p.a.), a royalty rate of 6.0% (previous year: 8.0%) and a sustainable 2.0% growth rate (previous year:
   2.0%) was used. Cobra or CPG’s three-year plan shows average revenue growth in the high single-digit
   percentage range. The Management’s key assumptions about improvement in the EBIT margin in Cobra’s or
   CPG’s three-year plan are essentially in line with the fundamental assumptions in the plans at Group level.

        A reduction of the royalty rate to approximately 5.4% or a reduction of the average planned sales revenues
   by approx. 10.3% would not result in any impairment requirement for the Cobra brand, and the recoverable
   amount would correspond to the carrying amount.

          If there is evidence that the underlying Cobra business is insufficiently profitable, the trademark is not
   only valued individually using the relief from royalty-method, but the recoverable amount of the cash-generating
   units to which the trademark is attributable is determined. In 2023, there were no indications of an impairment.




                                                  – II-256 –
APPENDIX II                       FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

   GOODWILL

         Goodwill is allocated to the Group’s identifiable groups of cash-generating units (CGUs) according to the
   countries where the activities are carried out. Summarised by regions, goodwill is allocated as follows:

         T.32 COMPOSITION OF GOODWILL (in € million)

                                                                                       2023                  2022

         PUMA UK                                                                         1.6                  1.6
         Genesis                                                                         7.0                  6.9


         Subtotal Europe                                                                 8.7                  8.5


         PUMA Canada                                                                     9.7                  9.9
         PUMA United NA                                                                  2.0                  2.1


         Subtotal North America                                                         11.7                 11.9


         PUMA Argentina                                                                 15.8                 16.4
         PUMA Chile                                                                      0.5                  0.5
         PUMA Mexico                                                                    12.2                 10.9


         Subtotal Latin America                                                         28.5                 27.8


         PUMA China                                                                      2.5                  2.5
         PUMA Taiwan                                                                    13.3                 13.7


         Subtotal Greater China                                                         15.8                 16.2


         PUMA Japan                                                                     35.0                 38.9


         Subtotal Asia/Pacific (excluding Greater China)                               35.0                  38.9
         stichd                                                                       139.4                 139.4


         Total                                                                        239.0                 242.7




                                                 – II-257 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

           Assumptions used in conducting the impairment tests in 2023:

           T.33 ASSUMPTIONS IMPAIRMENT TEST 2023

                                                                           WACC before tax         WACC after tax
                                                        Tax rate (range)           (range)               (range)

           Europe                                                19.0%                13.3%                 11.1%
           North America*                                        26.2%                12.7%                 10.3%
           Latin America                                   27.0%–35.0%          16.5%–64.1%           12.1%–51.7%
           Greater China                                   20.0%–25.0%          12.9%–14.0%           10.5%–11.2%
           Asia/Pacific (excluding Greater China)*               38.1%                16.4%                 10.5%
           stichd*                                               25.0%                13.1%                 10.2%

           *     The information for North America, Asia/Pacific (excluding Greater China) and stichd relates in
                 each case to only one cash-generating unit (CGU)

          The tax rates used for the impairment test correspond to the actual tax rates in the respective countries.
   The weighted average cost of capital (WACC) was derived on the basis of the weighted average cost of total
   capital, taking into account a standard market capital structure (ratio of debt to equity) and including the most
   important listed competitors (peer group).

         In addition, a growth rate of 2.0% (previous year: 2.0%) is generally assumed. A growth rate of less than
   2.0% (previous year: less than 2.0%) was applied only in justified exceptional cases, where the long-term
   expectations on inflation rate for the country in which the cash-generating unit operates were lower than the
   assumed growth rate; this applies, in particular, to the UK, Japan and Taiwan.

         The cash-generating unit stichd includes goodwill of €139.4 million (previous year: €139.4 million),
   which is significant in comparison to the overall carrying amount of goodwill. The recoverable amount was
   determined by a value-in-use calculation with a discount rate of 10.2% p.a. (previous year: 9.4% p.a.) and a
   growth rate of 2.0% (previous year: 2.0%). Stichd’s three-year plan shows sales growth in the low double-digit
   percentage range. In the three-year plan for stichd, a lower improvement in the EBIT margin is expected
   compared to the Group, as the EBIT margin of stichd is already higher than for the Group as a whole.

          The cash-generating unit PUMA Japan includes goodwill of €35.0 million (previous year: €38.9 million),
   which is significant in comparison to the overall carrying amount of goodwill. The recoverable amount was
   determined by a value-in-use calculation with a discount rate of 10.5% p.a. (previous year: 9.4% p.a.) and a
   growth rate of 1.2% (previous year: 1.0%). PUMA Japan’s three-year plan shows sales growth in the high
   single-digit percentage range. PUMA Japan’s three-year plan shows that the company expects a strong
   improvement in the EBIT margin and a return to the historical profitability level of PUMA Japan.

           The following table contains the assumptions for the performance of the impairment test in the previous
   year:

           T.34 ASSUMPTIONS IMPAIRMENT TEST 2022

                                                                           WACC before tax         WACC after tax
                                                        Tax rate (range)           (range)               (range)

           Europe                                                19.0%          12.3%–12.4%                 10.4%
           North America*                                        26.2%                11.8%                  9.1%
           Latin America                                   27.0%–34.9%          14.8%–65.4%           11.2%–58.3%
           Greater China                                   20.0%–25.0%          12.1%–13.5%           10.0%–10.6%
           Asia/Pacific (excluding Greater China)*               38.1%                14.3%                  9.4%
           stichd*                                               25.0%                12.0%                  9.4%

           *     The information for North America, Asia/Pacific (excluding Greater China) and stichd relates in
                 each case to only one cash-generating unit (CGU)




                                                     – II-258 –
APPENDIX II                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

12.   OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS

      Other non-current financial and non-financial assets consist of:

      T.35 OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS (in € million)

                                                                                        2023                 2022

      Investments                                                                       21.2                 21.7
      Fair value of derivative financial instruments                                     1.4                  2.5
      Lease receivables                                                                 25.3                  0.0
      Other financial assets                                                            35.7                 34.2


      Total of other non-current financial assets                                       83.6                 58.4
      Other non-current non-financial assets                                            25.6                  8.8


      Other non-current assets, total                                                  109.1                 67.2


      The investments relate to the 5.32% shareholding in Borussia Dortmund GmbH & Co. Kommanditgesell-schaft
auf Aktien (BVB) with registered office in Dortmund, Germany. According to the audited IFRS consolidated financial
statements 2022/2023 of Borussia Dortmund GmbH & Co. Kommanditgesellschaft auf Aktien, equity as of 30 June
2023 amounted to €282.7 million and the result of the last financial year was €9.6 million.

      Other financial assets mainly include rental deposits in the amount of €31.9 million (previous year: €29.8
million). The other non-current non-financial assets mainly include accruals and deferrals in connection with
promotional and advertising agreements.




                                                       – II-259 –
APPENDIX II                               FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

13.   LIABILITIES

      The residual terms of liabilities are as follows:

      T.36 LIABILITIES (in € million)

                                                 2023                                           2022
                                                  Residual term of                               Residual term of
                                              up to          1 to         over              up to          1 to        over
                                  Total      1 year       5 years      5 years     Total   1 year       5 years     5 years

      Borrowings                  572.0       145.9        426.1           0.0     327.4      75.9       251.5          0.0
      Trade payables            1,499.8     1,499.8          0.0           0.0   1,734.9   1,734.9         0.0          0.0
      Other liabilities*                                     0.0
      Liabilities from other
        taxes                     110.0       110.0           0.0          0.0     82.6      82.6           0.0         0.0
      Liabilities relating to
        social security            10.6        10.6           0.0          0.0     10.0      10.0           0.0         0.0
      Payables to employees       123.6       123.6           0.0          0.0    137.2     137.2           0.0         0.0
      Liabilities from refund
        obligations               236.9       236.9           0.0          0.0    373.9     373.9           0.0         0.0
      Liabilities from
        derivative financial
        instruments                58.2        47.7          10.5          0.0     52.4      39.5          12.9         0.0
      Remaining other
        liabilities                45.4        43.2           2.0          0.2     54.0      51.6           2.0         0.3


      Total                     2,656.5     2,217.7        438.5           0.2   2,772.5   2,505.8       266.3          0.3


      *       The maturity analysis on lease liabilities is presented in chapter 10.

      The liabilities from refund obligations result from contracts with customers and essentially comprise obligations
from customer return rights.




                                                          – II-260 –
APPENDIX II                                                              FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

14.         FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

            CARRYING AMOUNTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND ALLOCATION TO VALUATION
            CATEGORIES

T.37 CARRYING AMOUNTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND THEIR FAIR VALUE (in € million)

                                                              Measurement
                                                              categories
                                                              under         Carrying                                              Carrying
                                                              IFRS 9         amount    Fair value   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3    amount    Fair value   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3
                                                                                2023         2023                                     2022         2022

Assets
                                                              1)
Cash and cash equivalents                                        AC            552.9                                                 463.1
Trade receivables                                             AC             1,118.4                                               1,064.9
Other current financial assets
  Derivatives – hedge accounting                              n/a               22.8         22.8                22.8                 56.1         56.1                56.1
                                                              2)
  Derivatives – no hedge accounting                              FVPL           11.6         11.6                11.6                 59.8         59.8                59.8
  Lease receivables                                           n/a               14.9                                                   0.0
  Remaining current financial assets                          AC                45.6                                                  21.6
Other non-current financial assets
  Derivatives – hedge accounting                              n/a                1.4          1.4                 1.4                  2.5          2.5                 2.5
                                                              3)
  Investments                                                    FVOCI          21.2         21.2      21.2                           21.7         21.7      21.7
  Lease receivables                                           n/a               25.3                                                   0.0
  Remaining non-current financial assets                      AC                35.7                                                  34.2

Liabilities
Current borrowings
  Bank liabilities                                            AC                15.2                                                  15.9
  Promissory note loans                                       AC               130.8       124.9               124.9                  60.0         59.3                59.3
Trade payables                                                AC             1,499.8                                               1,734.9
Current lease liabilities                                     n/a              212.4                                                 200.2
Other current financial liabilities
  Derivatives – hedge accounting                              n/a               22.6         22.6                22.6                 23.6         23.6                23.6
                                                              2)
  Derivatives – no hedge accounting                              FVPL           25.1         25.1                25.1                 15.9         15.9                15.9
  Remaining current financial liabilities                     AC                30.9                                                  36.5
Non-current borrowings (promissory note loans)                AC               426.1       427.4               427.4                 251.5       239.5               239.5
Non-current lease liabilities                                 n/a            1,020.0                                               1,030.3
Other non-current financial liabilities
  Derivatives – hedge accounting                              n/a               10.5         10.5                10.5                 12.9         12.9                12.9
  Remaining non-current financial liabilities                 AC                 0.9                                                   1.0

Total financial assets at amortised cost                                     1,752.6                                               1,583.8
Total financial liabilities at amortised cost                                2,103.6                                               2,099.8
Total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                     11.6                                                  59.8
Total financial liabilities at fair value through profit or
  loss                                                                          25.1                                                  15.9
Total financial assets at FVOCI                                                 21.2                                                  21.7

1)
            AC = at amortised cost

2)
            FVPL = fair value through PL

3)
            FVOCI (fair value through OCI) = equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income




                                                                                               – II-261 –
APPENDIX II                         FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

         Financial instruments that are measured at fair value in the balance sheet were determined using the
   following hierarchy:

           Level 1: Use of prices quoted on active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

         Level 2: Use of input factors that do not involve the quoted prices stated under level 1, but can be
   observed for the asset or liability either directly (i.e. as the price) or indirectly (i.e. derived from the price).

           Level 3: Use of factors for the valuation of the asset or liability that are based on non-observable market
   data.

         Reclassification between different levels of the fair value hierarchy are recorded at the end of the reporting
   period in which the change occurred.

         The fair value of the investments held for strategic reasons only refers to equity instruments of the
   category “fair value through OCI” (FVOCI) and is determined on the basis of level 1. The market values of the
   derivative assets and liabilities as well as the fair value of the promissory note loans were determined in
   accordance with level 2.




                                                    – II-262 –
APPENDIX II                       FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

         The following table shows the measurement techniques used for determining Level 2 fair values for
   financial instruments.

         T.38 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE – LEVEL 2

                                                                                                 Connection
                                                                                                 between material,
                                                                                                 non-observable
                                                                           Material,             input factors and
                                                                           non-observable        fair value
         Type                 Measurement technique                        input factors         measurement

         Currency forward     The fair values are determined on the        Not applicable        Not applicable
           transactions         basis of current market parameters,
                                i.e., reference prices observable on
                                the market, taking into account
                                forward premiums and discounts. The
                                discounted result of the comparison of
                                the forward price on the reporting
                                date with the forward price of the
                                valuation date is included in the
                                measurement.

                                 The fair values are also checked for
                                 the counterparty’s non-performance
                                 risk. In doing this, PUMA calculates
                                 credit value adjustments (CVA) or
                                 debt value adjustments (DVA) on the
                                 basis of an up/down method, taking
                                 current market information into
                                 account, in particular the
                                 creditworthiness of the company’s
                                 business partners. No material
                                 deviations were found, so that no
                                 adjustments were made to the fair
                                 value determined.

         Currency options     The valuation is based on Garman             Not applicable        Not applicable
                                Kohlhagen model, an extended
                                version of the Black Scholes model.

         Promissory note      The valuation takes into account the         Not applicable        Not applicable
           loans                cash value of expected payments,
                                discounted using a risk-adjusted
                                discount rate.

         Interest options     The valuation is based on the Black          Not applicable        Not applicable
                                Scholes model.

         Of the fair value of the derivatives with a hedge relationship with positive market values of €24.2 million
   (previous year: €58.6 million), €24.5 million (previous year: €65.9 million) related to the valuation of the spot
   component. Of the fair value of the derivatives with a hedge relationship with negative market values of €33.1
   million (previous year: €36.5 million), €40.7 million (previous year: €46.9 million) related to the valuation of
   the spot component.




                                                  – II-263 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

         Cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables and other receivables have short maturities. Accordingly, as
   of the reporting date, the carrying amount approximates fair value. Receivables are stated at nominal value,
   taking into account deductions for default risk.

          The fair values of other financial assets correspond to their carrying amount, as the interest calculation
   occurs at the prevailing market interest rates on the balance sheet date. Other (current and non-current) financial
   assets include €40.3 million (previous year: €37.8 million) that were pledged as rental deposits at usual market
   rates.

         Trade payables have short residual maturities; their carrying amounts therefore approximate fair value.

         The remaining financial liabilities have short residual maturities; the recognised amounts therefore
   approximate fair value.

   NET RESULT BY VALUATION CATEGORIES

         The following table shows the net result by valuation category:

         T.39 NET GAINS/LOSSES FROM FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (in € million)

                                                                                            2023                   2022

         Financial assets at amortised cost (AC)                                             5.8                   26.0
         Financial liabilities at amortised cost (AC)                                      -89.3                   -7.1
         Derivatives without hedging relationship measured at fair
           value through profit or loss (FVPL)                                               7.7                  -47.6
         Financial assets measured at fair value through other
           comprehensive income (FVOCI)                                                      -0.5                  -3.4

          The net result was determined by taking into account interest income and expense, currency exchange
   effects, changes in provisions for risks as well as gains and losses from disposal. It also includes effects from the
   fair value measurement of derivatives without a hedging relationship.

         The net result includes interest income of €36.6 million (previous year: €31.8 million) and interest
   expenses of €47.7 million (previous year: €15.2 million) according to the effective interest method.

         General administrative expenses include changes in risk provisions for receivables.

   DISCLOSURES RELATING TO FINANCIAL RISKS

         The PUMA Group is exposed to the following risks from the use of financial instruments:

         •      Default risk

         •      Liquidity risk

         •      Market risk

         These risks and the principles of risk management are explained below.

   PRINCIPLES OF RISK MANAGEMENT

          The Management Board of PUMA SE is responsible for developing and monitoring risk management in the
   PUMA Group. To this end, the Management Board has set up a Risk Management Committee that is responsible
   for designing, reviewing and adapting the risk management system. The Risk Management Committee regularly
   reports to the Management Board on its work.




                                                   – II-264 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

         The guidelines for the risk management system define the responsibilities, tasks and processes of the risk
   management system. The guidelines for the risk management system and the risk management system itself are
   reviewed regularly in order to be able to pick up on any changes in market conditions and PUMA’s activities and
   incorporate them accordingly.

          The Audit Committee, on the one hand, monitors the Management Board’s compliance with the guidelines
   and the Group risk management processes. On the other hand, the Audit Committee monitors the effectiveness of
   the risk management system with regard to the risks to which the PUMA Group is exposed. The Internal Audit
   department supports the Audit Committee in its monitoring tasks. To this end, regular audits and ad hoc audits
   are also carried out by the Internal Audit department. Their results are reported directly to the Audit Committee.

   DEFAULT RISK

         Default risk is the risk of financial losses if a customer or party to a financial instrument fails to meet its
   contractual obligations. Default risk arises in principle from trade receivables and from other contractual
   financial obligations of the counterparty, such as bank deposits and derivative financial instruments.

        Without taking into account any existing credit insurance policies or other guarantees received, the
   maximum default risk is equal to the carrying amount of the financial assets.

          At the end of financial year 2023, there was no relevant concentration of default risk by customer type or
   region. Default risk is mainly influenced by individual customer characteristics. In accordance with our credit
   guidelines, new customers are checked for creditworthiness before we offer them our regular payment and
   delivery terms. In addition, we set specific receivables limits for each customer. In particular, the international
   credit insurance programme that PUMA has concluded for all major subsidiaries contributes to risk mitigation.
   The creditworthiness of our customers and the limits on receivables are monitored on an ongoing basis, which
   also includes requests for individual credit limits from credit insurance providers for all customers who have
   external accounts that exceed a certain value limit. The credit insurer’s response to such credit limit requests
   always includes information on the creditworthiness. Customers with a credit rating that does not meet the
   minimum requirements set may, as a rule, only acquire products against advance payment.

          Further activities to reduce default risk include retention of title clauses, and also in individual cases the
   selective sale of trade receivables (without recourse) and the obtaining of bank guarantees or parent company
   guarantees for our customers.

         At the end of the financial year 2023, no individual customers accounted for more than 10% of trade
   receivables.

         The central Treasury department has a comprehensive overview of the banks involved in currency hedging
   instruments and the management of cash and cash equivalents. Business with banks is focused on core banks
   with the appropriate credit rating (currently a minimum rating of BBB+ or better), while maximum risk amounts
   are specified for banks that have also been engaged in addition to this. The counterparty risks resulting from this
   are reviewed at least once every six months.

         PUMA held derivative financial instruments with a positive market value of €35.8 million in 2023
   (previous year: €118.3 million). The maximum default risk for an individual bank from such assets amounted to
   €7.5 million (previous year: €24.8 million).

         In accordance with IFRS 7, the following table contains further information on the offsetting options for
   derivative financial assets and liabilities. Most agreements between financial institutions and PUMA include a
   mutual right to offsetting; the right to offsetting is only enforceable in the event of the default of a business
   partner. Therefore, the criteria for offsetting in the balance sheet are not met.




                                                   – II-265 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

         The carrying amounts of the derivative financial instruments affected by the aforementioned offsetting
   agreements are shown in the following table:

         T.40 OFFSETTING POSSIBILITIES OF DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (in € million)

                                                                                            2023                  2022

         Assets
         Gross amounts of financial assets recognised in the balance
           sheet                                                                            35.8                 118.3
         Financial instruments that qualify for offsetting                                   0.0                   0.0


         = Net book value of financial assets                                                35.8                118.3
         Offsettable on the basis of framework agreements                                   -34.5                -50.6


         Total net value of financial assets                                                  1.3                 67.7


                                                                                            2023                  2022

         Liabilities
         Gross amounts of financial liabilities recognised in the
           balance sheet                                                                    58.2                  52.4
         Financial instruments that qualify for offsetting                                   0.0                   0.0


         = Net book value of financial liabilities                                           58.2                 52.4
         Offsettable on the basis of framework agreements                                   -34.5                -50.6


         Total net value of financial liabilities                                           23.7                   1.8


   LIQUIDITY RISK

         Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group may not be able to meet its financial liabilities by delivering cash
   or other financial assets in accordance with the agreement. The objective of the Group in managing liquidity is to
   ensure that, as far as possible, sufficient cash and cash equivalents are always available in order to meet the
   payment obligations upon maturity, under both normal and strained conditions.

          PUMA aims to maintain the amount of cash, cash equivalents and fixed loan commitments at a level that
   covers the effects of an assumed worst-case scenario. This scenario is based on the events and financial impact
   of the COVID-19 crisis in Q2 2020, which must be covered accordingly.

         PUMA has confirmed credit lines amounting to a total of €1,552.8 million (previous year: €1,271.0
   million), of which €986.1 million had not been used as at 31 December 2023 (previous year: €943.7 million).

         No financial liabilities were utilised from credit lines granted only until further notice.

         The effective interest rate of the financial liabilities ranged from 0.0% to 1.3% (previous year: 0.0% to
   0.9%).




                                                    – II-266 –
APPENDIX II                       FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

          The following table shows the future cash outflows from the financial liabilities existing as at the
   reporting date, as well as the contractual cash flows in connection with derivatives with a negative market value.
   These are non-discounted gross amounts including expected interest payments, but exclude presentation of the
   effects of offsetting:

         T.41 CONTRACTUAL CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCIAL LIABILITIES 2023 (in € million)

                                                        Total              2024              2025       2026 et seq.

         Non-derivative financial
           liabilities
         Borrowings                                     634.0              166.9              85.1             382.0
         Trade payables                               1,499.8            1,499.8
         Other liabilities                               31.8               30.9               0.5               0.4
         Derivative financial liabilities                47.0               43.8               2.2               1.0
           Cash inflow derivative financial
              liabilities                            -2,876.6           -2,397.1            -479.5
           Cash outflow derivative
              financial liabilities                   2,923.6            2,440.8             481.8               1.0

         The following values were determined for the previous year:

         T.42 CONTRACTUAL CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCIAL LIABILITIES 2022 (in € million)

                                                        Total              2023              2024       2025 et seq.

         Non-derivative financial
           liabilities
         Borrowings                                     332.7               78.3             126.6             127.8
         Trade payables                               1,734.9            1,734.9
         Other liabilities                               37.5               36.5               0.8               0.2
         Derivative financial liabilities                34.5               34.2               0.3
         Cash inflow derivative financial
           liabilities                               -1,905.7           -1,303.9            -601.8
         Cash outflow derivative financial
           liabilities                                1,940.2            1,338.1             602.1

         1)
               The previous year’s figures have been adjusted

   MARKET RISK

        Market risk is the risk that market prices, such as exchange rates, share prices or interest rates, may
   change, thereby affecting the income of the Group or the value of the financial instruments held.

         The aim of market risk management is to manage and control market risk within acceptable margins while
   optimising returns.

         To manage market risks, PUMA acquires and sells derivatives and also enters into financial liabilities. All
   transactions are carried out within the framework of the Group’s risk management regulations.

   CURRENCY RISK

         PUMA is exposed to transactional foreign currency risks such that the quoted currencies used for
   acquisition, disposal and credit transactions and for receivables do not match the functional currency of the
   Group companies.




                                                  – II-267 –
APPENDIX II                       FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

         In financial year 2023, PUMA designated currency hedges in Cashflow Hedge Accounting in order to
   hedge the amount payable of purchases denominated in USD, and converted to euros, as well as for other
   currency risks resulting from internal resale to PUMA subsidiaries.

        Furthermore, currency swaps and forward exchange contracts are used to hedge foreign exchange risks
   when measuring intra-group loans denominated in foreign currencies.

          The estimated foreign currency risks are initially subjected to a quantitative materiality test, while
   simultaneously taking hedging costs into account. Material risks are then hedged, in accordance with the Group
   directive, up to a hedging ratio of up to 95% of the estimated foreign currency risks from expected acquisition
   and disposal transactions over the next 12 to 15 months. Forward exchange contracts and currency options,
   usually with a term of around 12 months from the reporting date, are used to hedge the foreign currency risk. For
   significant risks that are subject to large hedging costs, high hedging ratios can only be achieved over shorter
   terms.

         The summarised quantitative information about the Group’s currency risk is as follows:

         T.43 EXPOSURE TO FOREIGN CURRENCY RISK 2023 (in € million)

         as of 31 December 2023                                    USD                  MXN                    JPY

         Risk from forecast transactions                       -1,716.4                 269.1                 190.0
         Balance sheet risk                                      -628.3                  78.8                  13.4


         Total gross risk                                      -2,344.7                 347.9                 203.4
         Hedged with currency options                              18.1                   0.0                 -51.5
         Hedged with currency forward contracts                 1,933.1                -211.1                -110.3


         Net risk                                                -393.5                 136.7                  41.6


         T.44 EXPOSURE TO FOREIGN CURRENCY RISK 2022 (in € million)

         as of 31 December 2022                                    USD                   GBP                   JPY

         Risk from forecast transactions                       -1,665.5                 104.5                 205.2
         Balance sheet risk                                      -307.1                  76.6                  28.3


         Total gross risk                                      -1,972.6                 181.0                 233.4
         Hedged with currency forward contracts                 1,833.9                -171.9                -181.6


         Net risk                                                -138.7                   9.1                  51.9


         Currency forward contracts and the risk from forecast transactions were calculated on a one-year basis.

         The nominal amounts of open exchange rate-hedging transactions refer primarily to currency forward
   contracts in a total amount of €3,745.0 million (previous year: €3,792.6 million).




                                                  – II-268 –
APPENDIX II                          FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

         The market values of open exchange rate-hedging transactions on the balance sheet date consist of:

         T.45 MARKET VALUE OF EXCHANGE RATE HEDGING CONTRACTS (in € million)

                                                                                           2023                   2022

         Currency forward contracts                                                        35.5                  118.3
         Currency options                                                                   0.3                    0.0


         Currency hedging contracts, assets                                                35.8                  118.3


         Currency forward contracts                                                        56.0                   52.4
         Currency options                                                                   1.2                    0.0


         Currency hedging contracts, liabilities                                           57.2                   52.4


         Net                                                                               -21.4                  66.0


         The net risk position and the average hedging rates are broken down as follows:

         T.46 AVERAGE HEDGING RATES

                                                             2023                                 2022
                                                       Current        Non-current           Current        Non-current

         Currency risk
         Net risk position ( € million)                 1,076.5             504.2            1,167.5             508.2

         Currency forward contracts
         Average EUR/USD exchange rate                   1.108              1.110              1.092             1.069
         Average EUR/MXN exchange rate                  19.978                  –             21.636                 –
         Average EUR/JPY exchange rate                 138.560            148.736            133.205           137.338

         Currency options
         Average EUR/USD exchange rate
           (Put/Call)                               1.050/1.144        1.039/1.131                 –                 –
         Average EUR/MXN exchange rate
           (Put/Call)                                         –                 –                  –                 –
         Average EUR/JPY exchange rate
           (Put/Call)                           140.198/157.850   143.733/161.366                  –                 –

   Currency sensitivity analysis

          In order to disclose market risks, IFRS 7 requires sensitivity analysis that show the effects of hypothetical
   changes in relevant risk variables on earnings and equity. The periodic effects are determined by relating the
   hypothetical changes caused by the risk variables to the balance of the financial instruments held as of the
   balance sheet date. The underlying assumption is that the balance as of the balance sheet date is representative
   for the entire year.

          Currency risks as defined by IFRS 7 arise on account of financial instruments that are denominated in a
   currency which differs from the functional currency and are monetary in nature. Differences resulting from the
   conversion of the individual financial statements to the group currency are not taken into account. All
   non-functional currencies in which PUMA employs financial instruments are generally considered to be relevant
   risk variables.




                                                   – II-269 –
APPENDIX II                       FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

         The currency sensitivity analysis is based on the net balance sheet risk denominated in foreign currencies.
   This also includes intra-company monetary assets and liabilities. Outstanding currency derivatives are also
   reassessed as part of the sensitivity analysis.

         The following table shows the increase or decrease of profit or loss or cash flow hedge reserve in equity in
   the event of a 10% appreciation or depreciation against the euro spot price. It is assumed that all other
   influencing factors, including interest rates and commodity prices, remain constant. The effects of the forecasted
   operating cash flows are also ignored.

         T.47 SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES 2023 (in € million)

         as of 31 December 2023                                    USD                   MXN                    JPY

         Nominal amounts of outstanding
          currency forward contracts                             2,413.7                -211.1                -123.7

                                                            EUR +10%              EUR +10%               EUR +10%

         Equity                                                   -151.3                  17.9                   -1.0
         Profit or loss                                              2.0                  -0.6                   -0.1

                                                             EUR -10%              EUR -10%              EUR -10%

         Equity                                                   218.9                  -11.0                 -23.7
         Profit or loss                                            -2.4                    0.8                   0.1

         T.48 SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES 2022 (in € million)

         as of 31 December 2022                                    USD                   GBP                    JPY

         Nominal amounts of outstanding
          currency forward contracts                             2,428.2                -205.7                -233.8

                                                            EUR +10%              EUR +10%               EUR +10%

         Equity                                                   -186.6                   7.7                  13.9
         Profit or loss                                              5.7                  -0.1                   0.4

                                                             EUR -10%              EUR -10%              EUR -10%

         Equity                                                   221.0                  -18.8                 -28.7
         Profit or loss                                            -6.9                    0.1                  -0.5

        Currency risks and other risk and opportunity categories are discussed in greater detail in the Combined
   Management Report in the Risk and Opportunity Report.

   INTEREST-RATE RISKS

         The interest rate risk in the PUMA Group is primarily attributable to variable-interest borrowings. Interest
   rate management is carried out centrally by the Treasury division on the basis of specified limits. Within this
   framework, the division manages and monitors interest rate risk through the use of interest rate derivatives.
   Transactions are only concluded with counterparties that are creditworthy. Derivatives financial instruments must
   not be used for speculative purposes, but only to hedge risks related to underlying transactions.

         As of 31 December 2023, €207.5 million (previous year: €67.5 million) of the borrowings were subject to
   variable interest.




                                                  – II-270 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

          Interest rate collars were also concluded at the same amount and with the same maturity to hedge the risk
   of interest rate changes for the variable interest-rate promissory note tranches in the amount of €150.0 million in
   May 2023.

          There is an economic relationship between the underlying and hedging transactions, since the terms of the
   interest-rate collars correspond to those of the floating-rate loans. This applies to the nominal amount, maturity,
   payment and interest adjustment dates. The underlying risk of interest rate collars is identical to that of the
   hedged risk components. A hedge ratio of 1:1 has therefore been established for the hedging relationship.

         The net risk position and the average hedged interest rate are as follows:

         T.49 AVERAGE HEDGED INTEREST RATE

                                                                                             2023
                                                                                       Current           Non-current

         Net risk position ( € million)                                                    54.5                   3.0

         Interest rate risk
         Average hedged interest rate in % based on current fixing
           (Cap/Floor)                                                                                     4.7%/1.5%

         As there were no significant variable interest-bearing liabilities in the previous year and no interest
   hedging transactions were therefore used, the information for the previous year is not applicable.

   Interest sensitivity analysis

          The result in the Group depends on the development of the market interest rate level. A change in the
   interest rate level would have an impact on the Group’s income and equity. The analysis carried out includes all
   interest-bearing financial instruments that are subject to interest rate risk.

         A change in the interest rate level of 100 basis points would have the following effects on profit or loss
   and the cash flow hedge reserve in equity.

         T.50 SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS FOR INTEREST RATE RISK (in € million)

                                                                                             2023
                                                                                        +1.0%                  -1.0%

         Equity                                                                             0.8                    0.0
         Profit or loss                                                                     0.4                   -1.9

          As there were no significant variable interest-bearing liabilities in the previous year, no interest-rate
   sensitivity analysis was prepared for the previous year.




                                                  – II-271 –
APPENDIX II                       FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

   INFORMATION ON HEDGING INSTRUMENTS THAT ARE IN A HEDGING RELATIONSHIP

         On the balance sheet date, the amounts relating to items designated as hedged underlying transactions with
   regard to exchange rate risks were as follows:

         T.51 DESIGNATED HEDGE ITEMS (in € million)

                                                                                                           Balance
                                                                                                 remaining in the
                                                                                                cash flow hedging
                                                                                                      reserve from
                                                      Change in value                                      hedging
                                                               for the                             relationships to
                                                        calculation of                                which hedge
                                                                hedge      Reserve for cash       accounting is no
                                                       ineffectiveness         flow hedges          longer applied

         as of 31 December 2023
         Currency risk – sales transactions                        -8.2                  19.6                  0.0
         Currency risk – sourcing transactions                     -5.4                 -23.5                  0.0
         Interest rate risk                                         0.0                   0.0                  0.0
         as of 31 December 2022
         Currency risk – sales transactions                      -31.1                   29.8                  0.0
         Currency risk – sourcing transactions                   188.1                  -15.7                  0.0




                                                 – II-272 –
APPENDIX II                                     FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

                The amounts relating to items designated as hedging instruments have the following effects on the
          statement of financial position and income statement:

                    T.52 DESIGNATED HEDGE INSTRUMENTS (in € million)

                           Nominal
                             value    Carrying amount                                                                in the financial year 2023
                                                                                                                                         Amount
                                                                                   Changes in Ineffectiveness                        transferred
                                                                                 the value of          of the                           from the        Amount
                                                            Item in the          the hedging         hedging    Items in the             hedging    reclassified
                                                            balance sheet,        instrument, instrument,       income                 reserve to      from the    Items in
                                                            in which the           recognized recognized        statement,                    the       hedging    the income
                                                            hedging                   in other         in the   containing the         inventory     reserve to    statement
                                                            instrument is      comprehensive          income    ineffectiveness of    acquisition   the income     affected by the
                                       Assets   Liabilities included                   income      statement    the hedging                  cost     statement    reclassification

as of 31 December 2023
Currency risk – sales       1,082.2      22.3            -6.2 other current/              8.2              – Financial                         –           29.8 Sales
  transactions                                                  non-current                                    expenses
Currency risk – sourcing    1,996.4       2.3           -34.5 financial                   5.4              –                               -12.9           -5.1 Cost of sales
  transactions                                                  assets/
Interest rate risk           150.0        0.0             0.0 liabilities                 0.0              –                                   –            0.0 Financial
                                                                                                                                                                  expenses

                                                                                                                     in the financial year 2022

as of 31 December 2022
Currency risk – sales       1,097.7      44.0            -3.5 other current/             31.1              – Financial                         –          -16.7 Sales
  transactions                                                  non-current                                    expenses
Currency risk – sourcing    2,082.6      21.9           -43.4 financial                -188.1              –                                91.9          144.0 Cost of sales
  transactions                                                  assets/
                                                                liabilities

                    The following table shows the reconciliation of the change in equity in relation to cash flow hedges:

                    T.53 CHANGES IN THE RESERVE FOR CASH FLOW HEDGE (in € million)

                                                                                                                                        2023                                 2022

                    Reserve for cash flow hedge as of 1 January                                                                          14.2                                 78.1
                    Change in fair value
                      Thereof currency risk                                                                                            -13.6                                157.0
                      Thereof interest rate risk                                                                                         0.0                                  0.0
                    Amount included in the acquisition cost of non-financial
                      assets                                                                                                             12.9                               -91.9
                    Amount reclassified to the income statement
                      Thereof currency risk                                                                                            -27.5                              -128.2
                      Thereof interest rate risk                                                                                         0.0                                 0.0
                    Tax effect                                                                                                          10.1                                -0.7


                    Reserve for cash flow hedge as of 31 December                                                                        -3.9                                 14.2


                A small portion of the originally planned sourcing and sales volume in foreign currencies did not transpire,
          leading to an excess of hedging transactions. Hedge accounting was terminated for those sourcing and sales




                                                                          – II-273 –
APPENDIX II                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      transactions that were no longer expected to transpire, and the fair value was transferred as a profit or loss from
      the cash flow hedge reserve to the income statement. As soon as any highly likely sourcing or sales transaction is
      no longer expected to transpire, an offsetting transaction is concluded. Across all currency pairs, an amount of
      €5.5 million (previous year: €-14.8 million) was recognised in the income statement.

15.   PENSION PROVISIONS

      Pension provisions result from employees’ claims and, if applicable, their survivors, for benefits which are based
on the statutory or contractual regulations applicable in the respective country in the event of invalidity, death or when
a certain retirement age has been reached. Pension commitments in the PUMA Group include both benefit- and
contribution-based pension commitments and include both obligations from current pensions and rights to pensions
payable in the future. The pension entitlements are financed by both provisions and funds.

       The risks associated with the pension commitments mainly concern the usual risks of benefit-based pension plans
in relation to possible changes in the discount rate and inflation trends, and recipient longevity. In order to limit the
risks of changed capital market conditions and demographic developments, plans with the maximum obligations were
agreed or insured for new hires a few years ago in Germany and Great Britain. The specific risk of obligations based
on salary is low within the PUMA Group. The introduction of an annual cap for pensionable salary in the Great Britain
plan in 2016 covers this risk for the highest obligations. The Great Britain plan is therefore classified as a non-salary
obligation.

      T.54 PRESENT VALUE OF PENSION OBLIGATION 2023 (in € million)

                                                                                               Other
                                                        Germany       Great Britain         companies      PUMA Group

      Present value of pension obligation
        31 December 2023
      Salary-based obligations
        Annuity                                                0.0               0.0                8.8               8.8
        One-off payment                                        0.0               0.0                9.1               9.1
      Non-salary based obligations
        Annuity                                               49.3              31.9                0.0              81.2
        One-off payment                                        8.2               0.0                0.0               8.2


        Total                                                 57.5              31.9               17.9             107.3


      The following values were determined in the previous year:

      T.55 PRESENT VALUE OF PENSION OBLIGATION 2022 (in € million)

                                                                                               Other
                                                        Germany       Great Britain         companies      PUMA Group

      Present value of pension obligation
        31 December 2022
      Salary-based obligations
        Annuity                                                0.0               0.0                8.6               8.6
        One-off payment                                        0.0               0.0                9.3               9.3
      Non-salary based obligations
        Annuity                                               48.9              29.6                0.0              78.5
        One-off payment                                        7.9               0.0                0.0               7.9


        Total                                                 56.8              29.6               17.9             104.3




                                                      – II-274 –
APPENDIX II                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      The main pension arrangements are described below:

       The general pension scheme of PUMA SE essentially provides for pension payments to a maximum amount of
€127.82 per month and per eligible employee. It was closed for new members beginning in 1996. In addition, PUMA
SE provides individual commitments (fixed sums in different amounts) as well as contribution-based individual benefits
(in part from salary conversion). The contribution-based individual benefits are insured plans. There are no statutory
minimum funding requirements. The scope of obligation for domestic pension claims amounts to €57.5 million at the
end of 2023 (previous year: €56.8 million) and thus comprises 53.6% of the total obligation. The fair value of the plan
assets relative to domestic obligations amounts to €50.4 million. The corresponding pension provision amounts to €7.1
million.

       The defined benefit plan in Great Britain has not been available to new hires since 2006. This defined benefit
plan includes salary and length of service-based commitments to provide old age, invalidity and surviving dependents’
retirement benefits. In 2016, a growth cap of 1% p.a. was introduced on the pensionable salary. Partial capitalisation of
the old-age pension is permitted. There are statutory minimum funding requirements. The obligations regarding pension
claims under the defined benefit plan in the UK amount to €31.9 million at the end of 2023 (previous year: €29.6
million) and thus account for 29.7% of the total obligation. The obligation is covered by assets amounting to €29.7
million. The provision amounts to €2.2 million.

      The present value of the pension obligation has developed as follows:

      T.56 DEVELOPMENT OF PRESENT VALUE OF PENSION OBLIGATION (in € million)

                                                                                             2023                   2022

      Present value of pension obligation 1 January                                          104.3                 122.3
      Cost of the pension obligation earned in the reporting year                              2.0                   2.5
      Interest expense on pension obligation                                                   4.4                   1.9
      Employee contributions                                                                   0.6                   8.3
      Benefits paid                                                                           -4.5                  -3.4
      Effects from transfers                                                                   0.0                   0.0
      Actuarial gains (-) and losses                                                           0.1                 -25.1
      Currency exchange effects                                                                0.5                  -2.2


      Present value of pension obligation 31 December                                        107.3                 104.3




                                                      – II-275 –
APPENDIX II                            FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      The changes in the plan assets are as follows:

      T.57 DEVELOPMENT OF PLAN ASSETS (in € million)

                                                                                         2023                 2022

      Plan assets 1 January                                                              82.4                  90.7
      Interest income on plan assets                                                      3.5                   1.4
      Actuarial gains and losses (-)                                                     -0.9                 -15.0
      Employer contributions                                                              1.2                   1.0
      Employee contributions                                                              0.6                   8.3
      Benefits paid                                                                      -2.2                  -2.3
      Currency exchange effects                                                           0.6                  -1.7


      Plan assets 31 December                                                            85.2                 82.4


      The pension provision for the Group is derived as follows:

      T.58 PENSION PROVISION (in € million)

                                                                                         2023                 2022

      Present value of pension obligation from benefit plans                            107.3                104.3
      Fair value of plan assets                                                         -85.2                -82.4


      Financing status                                                                   22.1                 21.9


      Pension provision 31 December                                                      22.1                 21.9
        Thereof assets                                                                    0.4                  0.5
        Thereof liabilities                                                              22.5                 22.4

      In 2023, benefits paid amounted to €4.5 million (previous year: €3.4 million). Contributions in 2024 are
expected to amount to €3.0 million. Of this, €0.9 million is expected to be paid directly by the employer. Employer
contributions to external plan assets amounted to €1.2 million in 2023 (previous year: €1.0 million). Employer
contributions in 2024 are expected to amount to €0.8 million.




                                                       – II-276 –
APPENDIX II                          FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      The changes in pension provisions are as follows:

      T.59 DEVELOPMENT OF THE PENSION PROVISION (in € million)

                                                                                         2023                 2022

      Pension provision 1 January                                                        21.9                 31.6
      Pension expense                                                                     2.8                  3.0
      Actuarial gains (-) and losses recorded in other comprehensive
        income                                                                            1.0                 -10.1
      Employer contributions                                                             -1.2                  -1.0
      Direct pension payments made by the employer                                       -2.3                  -1.1
      Transfer values                                                                     0.0                   0.0
      Currency exchange differences                                                      -0.2                  -0.5


      Pension provision 31 December                                                      22.1                 21.9
        Thereof assets                                                                    0.4                  0.5
        Thereof liabilities                                                              22.5                 22.4

      The expenses in financial year 2023 are structured as follows:

      T.60 EXPENSES FOR DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (in € million)

                                                                                         2023                 2022

      Cost of the pension obligation earned in the reporting year                         2.0                   2.5
      Interest expense on pension obligation                                              4.4                   1.9
      Interest income on plan assets                                                     -3.5                  -1.4
      Administration costs                                                                0.0                   0.0


      Expenses for defined benefit plans                                                  2.8                   3.0
        Thereof personnel costs                                                           1.9                   2.5
        Thereof financial costs                                                           0.9                   0.5

     In addition to the defined benefit pension plans, PUMA also makes contributions to defined contribution plans.
Payments for financial year 2023 amounted to €19.8 million (previous year: €18.5 million).




                                                     – II-277 –
APPENDIX II                          FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

   Actuarial gains and losses recorded in Other Comprehensive Income:

   T.61 GAINS AND LOSSES RECORDED IN OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (in € million)

                                                                          2023   2022

   Revaluation of pension commitments                                      0.1   -25.1


     Actuarial gains (-) and losses resulting from changes in
      demographic assumptions                                             -0.7    -0.1
     Actuarial gains (-) and losses resulting from changes in financial
      assumptions                                                          0.0   -30.3
     Actuarial gains (-) and losses due to adjustments based on
      experience                                                           0.8     5.3

   Revaluation of plan assets                                              0.9   15.0


   Amounts not recorded due to the maximum limit applicable to
     assets                                                                0.0     0.0
   Adjustment of administration costs                                      0.0     0.0
   Total revaluation amounts recorded directly in other
     comprehensive income                                                  1.0   -10.1


   Plan assets investment classes:

   T.62 PLAN ASSETS INVESTMENT CLASSES (in € million)

                                                                          2023   2022

   Cash and cash equivalents                                               0.3    0.1
   Equity instruments                                                      6.0    5.5
   Bonds                                                                   7.4    3.5
   Investment funds                                                        3.2    3.0
   Derivatives                                                            10.0   11.6
   Real estate                                                             2.9    2.9
   Insurance                                                              50.6   49.4
   Other                                                                   4.9    6.4


   Total plan assets                                                      85.2   82.4




                                                  – II-278 –
APPENDIX II                            FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      Of which, investment classes with a quoted market price:

      T.63 PLAN ASSETS WITH A QUOTED MARKET PRICE (in € million)

                                                                                                2023                   2022

      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                  0.3                    0.1
      Equity instruments                                                                         6.0                    5.5
      Bonds                                                                                      7.4                    3.5
      Investment funds                                                                           3.2                    3.0
      Derivatives                                                                               10.0                   11.6
      Real estate                                                                                2.1                    2.1
      Insurance                                                                                  0.0                    0.0
      Other                                                                                      4.7                    6.3


      Plan assets with a quoted market price                                                    33.7                   32.1


      Plan assets still do not include the Group’s own financial instruments or real estate used by Group companies.

       The plan assets are used exclusively to meet defined pension commitments. Legal requirements exist in some
countries for the type and amount of financial resources that can be chosen; in other countries (for example Germany)
the financing of pension commitments can be chosen freely. In Great Britain, a board of trustees made up of company
representatives and employees is in charge of asset management. Its investment strategy is aimed at long-term profits
and tolerable volatility. It was last revised in 2022 to reduce the risk profile. In 2023, the trustees continued to monitor
the investment strategy.

      The following assumptions were used to determine pension obligations and pension expenses:

      T.64 ASSUMPTIONS USED TO DETERMINE THE PENSION OBLIGATIONS

                                                                                                2023                   2022

      Discount rate                                                                           4.55%                  4.35%
      Future pension increases                                                                1.93%                  2.00%
      Future salary increases                                                                 2.05%                  2.06%

      The indicated values are weighted average values. A standard interest rate of 4.45% was applied for the eurozone
(previous year: 4.00%).

     The 2018 G Heubeck guideline tables were used as mortality tables for Germany. For Great Britain, the mortality
was assumed based on basic table series S2 taking into account life expectancy projections in accordance with
CMI2021 with a long-term trend of 1%.

       The following overview shows how the present value of pension obligations from benefit plans would have been
affected by changes to significant actuarial assumptions.

      T.65 SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS FOR PENSION OBLIGATION (in € million)

                                                                                                2023                   2022

      Effect on present value of pension obligations if
        the discount rate were 50 basis points higher                                            -3.7                  -3.7
        the discount rate were 50 basis points lower                                              4.2                   4.1

       Salary and pension trends have only a negligible effect on the present value of pension obligations due to the
structure of the benefit plans.




                                                       – II-279 –
APPENDIX II                            FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      The weighted average duration of pension obligations is around 12 years (previous year: around 11 years).

16.   OTHER PROVISIONS

      T.66 OTHER PROVISIONS (in € million)

                                   2022                                                              2023                     2022
                                              Currency                                                                      thereof
                                           adjustments,                                                          thereof       non-
                                            retransfers   Additions   Utilization   Reversal                 non-current    current

      Provisions for:
      Warranties                     2.7           -0.1         0.5         -0.6        -0.3           2.1           0.0        0.0
      Purchasing risks               7.1           -0.1         5.9         -4.6        -0.9           7.4           0.0        0.0
      Litigation risks              26.6           -0.7         6.1        -15.2        -2.8          13.9           7.5        8.4
      Restoration obligations       17.0           -0.8         1.9         -0.8        -0.5          16.9          13.9       14.1
      Personnel provisions           7.0            0.4         2.6         -4.1         0.0           5.9           5.9        7.0
      Other                         19.3           -0.2         5.5         -6.1        -9.8           8.7           0.0        0.0


      Total                         79.8           -1.4        22.3        -31.5       -14.3          55.0          27.3       29.5


       The warranty provision is determined on the basis of the historical value of sales generated during the past six
months. It is expected that the majority of these expenses will fall due within the first six months of the next financial
year. Purchasing risks relate primarily to materials and moulds that are required for the manufacturing of shoes.

      Personnel provisions mainly relate to non-current variable compensation components. The risks arising from
legal disputes relate to any form of legal dispute, including those relating to trademark and patent rights. The other
provisions relate to other risks, in particular those associated with sourcing.

      Current provisions are expected to be paid out in the following year, non-current provisions are expected to be
paid out in a period of up to ten years. There are no significant compounding effects. The recognition and valuation of
provisions is based on past experience of similar transactions. All events until the preparation of the consolidated
financial statements are taken into account here.

17.   EQUITY

      SUBSCRIBED CAPITAL

              The subscribed capital corresponds to the subscribed capital of PUMA SE.

            As of the balance sheet date, the subscribed capital in accordance with the Articles of Association
      corresponds to €150,824,640.00 and is divided into 150,824,640 no-par value voting shares. This corresponds to
      a proportional amount of €1.00 per share.

              Changes in the outstanding shares:

              T.67 CHANGE IN OUTSTANDING SHARES

                                                                                                     2023                    2022

              Outstanding shares as of January 1, share                                        149,758,644             149,605,600
              Issue of Treasury Stock, share                                                        85,900                 153,044


              Outstanding shares as of December 31, share                                      149,844,544             149,758,644




                                                          – II-280 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

         The issue of treasury stock relates to compensation in connection with promotional and advertising
   agreements.

   CAPITAL RESERVE

         The capital reserve includes the premium from issuing shares, as well as amounts from the grant,
   conversion and expiration of share options.

   REVENUE RESERVES INCL. RETAINED EARNINGS

          The revenue reserves incl. retained earnings include the net earnings of the financial year as well as the
   earnings achieved in the past by the companies included in the consolidated financial statements to the extent
   that it was not distributed. In addition, the valuation effects from the pension provision recognised in other
   comprehensive income are recognised in retained earnings.

   DIFFERENCE FROM CURRENCY CONVERSION

         The equity item for currency conversion serves to record the foreign exchange differences from the
   conversion of the financial statements of subsidiaries with non-euro accounting.

   CASH FLOW HEDGES

         The “cash flow hedges” item includes the market valuation of derivative financial instruments. The item
   amounting to €-3.9 million (previous year: €14.2 million) is offset by deferred taxes of €5.3 million (previous
   year: €-4.8 million).

   TREASURY STOCK

           The resolution adopted by the Annual General Meeting on 7 May 2020 authorised the Company to
   purchase treasury shares up to a value of 10% of the share capital until 6 May 2025. By resolution of the Annual
   General Meeting of 5 May 2021, the Supervisory Board was authorised to issue the acquired shares to the
   members of the Management Board of the Company, excluding the shareholders’ subscription rights. By
   resolution of the Annual General Meeting of 11 May 2022, the Management Board was, moreover, authorised to
   issue the acquired shares, excluding the shareholders’ subscription rights, as part of the Company’s or its
   affiliated companies’ share-based payments or employee share programmes to individuals currently or formerly
   in an employment relationship with the Company or one of its affiliated companies or to members of the
   management of one of the Company’s affiliated companies. If purchased through the stock exchange, the
   purchase price per share must not exceed 10% or fall below 20% of the average closing price for the Company’s
   shares with the same attributes in the XETRA trading system (or a comparable successor system) during the last
   three trading days prior to the date of purchase.

         The Company did not make use of the authorisation to purchase treasury stock during the reporting period.

         As of the balance sheet date, the Company holds a total of 980,096 PUMA shares in its own portfolio,
   which corresponds to 0.65% of the subscribed capital.

   AUTHORISED CAPITAL

        As of 31 December 2023, the Company’s Articles of Association provide for authorised capital totalling
   €30,000,000.00:

         Pursuant to Section 4.2. of the Articles of Association, the Management Board is authorised, with the
   consent of the Supervisory Board, to increase the Company’s share capital by 4 May 2026 by up to
   €30,000,000.00 (Authorised Capital 2021) by issuing new no-par value bearer shares against cash and/or
   non-cash contributions on one or more occasions. In the case of capital increases against contributions in cash,
   the new shares may be acquired by one or several banks, designated by the Management Board, subject to the
   obligation to offer them to the shareholders for subscription (indirect subscription right). The shareholders shall




                                                  – II-281 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

   generally be entitled to subscription rights. However, the Management Board is authorised, with the consent of
   the Supervisory Board, to exclude shareholders’ subscription rights in whole or in part in the cases specified in
   Section 4.2. of the Articles of Association.

          The Management Board of PUMA SE did not make use of the existing authorised capital in the current
   reporting period.

   CONDITIONAL CAPITAL

          By resolution of the Annual General Meeting of 11 May 2022, the Management Board was authorised until
   10 May 2027, with the consent of the Supervisory Board, through one or more issues, altogether or in parts and
   in various tranches at the same time, to issue bearer or registered convertible and/or option bonds, profit-sharing
   rights or participation bonds or a combination of these instruments with or without a term limitation in a total
   nominal amount of up to €1,500,000,000.00.

         The share capital was conditionally increased by up to €15,082,464.00 by issuing up to 15,082,464 new
   no-par value bearer shares (Conditional Capital 2022). The conditional capital increase shall only be
   implemented to the extent that conversion/option rights are exercised, or the option/conversion obligations are
   met or tenders are carried out and to the extent that other forms of performance are not applied.

         No use has been made of this authorisation to date.

   DIVIDENDS

         The amounts eligible for distribution relate to the retained earnings of PUMA SE, which are determined in
   accordance with German Commercial Law.

          The Management Board and the Supervisory Board will propose to the Annual General Meeting that a
   dividend of €0.82 (previous year: €0.82) per circulating share, or a total of €122.9 million (with respect to the
   circulating shares as of 31 December 2023), be distributed to the shareholders from the retained earnings of
   PUMA SE for financial year 2023.

         Proposed appropriation of the retained earnings of PUMA SE:

         T.68 PROPOSED APPROPRIATION OF THE RETAINED EARNINGS OF PUMA SE

                                                                                          2023                   2022

         Retained Earnings of PUMA SE as of December 31,
           € million                                                                     486.4                 499.4
         Retained earnings available for distribution, € million                         486.4                 499.4
         Dividend per share, €                                                            0.82                  0.82
         Number of outstanding shares*, share                                      149,844,544           149,758,644
         Total dividend*, € million                                                      122.9                 122.8
         Carried forward to the new accounting period*, € million                        363.6                 376.6

         *     Previous year’s values adjusted to the outcome of the Annual General Meeting

   NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS

         This item comprises non-controlling interests. The composition is shown in chapter 28.

   CAPITAL MANAGEMENT

         The Group’s objective is to retain a strong equity base in order to maintain both investor and market
   confidence, and to strengthen future business performance.




                                                  – II-282 –
APPENDIX II                            FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

            Capital management relates to the consolidated equity of PUMA. This is presented in the consolidated
      statement of financial position and in the consolidated statement of changes in equity.

18.   MANAGEMENT INCENTIVE PROGRAMMES

     Virtual shares with cash settlement and other global long-term incentive programmes are used at PUMA to tie the
management to the Company with a long-term incentive effect.

      The current programmes are described below:

      EXPLANATION OF “VIRTUAL SHARES”, TERMED “MONETARY UNITS” (FULL TERM: MONETARY
      UNITS PLAN – MUP)

             Monetary units were granted on an annual basis to members of the Management Board beginning in 2013
      as part of a management incentive programme. Monetary units are based on the PUMA share performance. Each
      of these monetary units entitles the holder to a cash payment at the end of the term. The entitled cash payment
      compares the performance using the average virtual appreciation rights of the last thirty trading days before the
      start of the year of issue with the virtual appreciation rights of the last thirty trading days before the exercise
      date. The maximum increase in value (cap) is limited to 300% of the amount allocated. Monetary units are
      subject to a vesting period of three years. After that, there is an exercise period beginning 30 days after each
      quarterly publication date for a period of two years which can be freely used by participants for the purposes of
      execution. Virtual shares are reduced on a “pro rata” basis in the event of withdrawal during the vesting period.
      This programme will expire and be replaced by the Performance Share Plan. As a result, no more shares were
      issued from this programme in financial year 2023.

      EXPLANATION OF “VIRTUAL SHARES” (FULL TERM: PERFORMANCE SHARE PLAN – PSP)

             Virtual shares were granted on an annual basis to members of the Management Board beginning in 2021 as
      part of a management incentive programme. The virtual shares are based on the PUMA share performance. Each
      of these virtual shares entitles the holder to a cash payment at the end of the term. However, the Supervisory
      Board reserves the right to make the payment in PUMA shares instead of cash. This cash payout is based on the
      PUMA closing prices for the last thirty trading days before the exercise date. The final number of virtual shares
      is between 50% and 150%, depending on the relative “Total Shareholder Returns” (TSR) compared to the MDAX
      index. The PUMA and MDAX index TSRs are calculated using the arithmetic means of each of the TSR values
      on the 30 trading days before the start and end of the performance period. The averages calculated in this way
      for PUMA and the MDAX index are then compared with each other. The difference in percentage points between
      the PUMA TSR and the MDAX index TSR is then calculated (= TSR outperformance in percentage points). The
      maximum increase in value (cap) is limited to 300% of the amount allocated. Virtual shares are subject to a
      vesting period of four years. They are generally paid out within the first quarter of the fifth year after their issue.
      Virtual shares are reduced on a “pro rata” basis in the event of withdrawal during the vesting period. For the
      programmes issued in the financial years 2021 and 2022, the DAX acts as the basis for calculating virtual shares,
      while the MDAX index is used starting financial year 2023.

           In financial year 2023, income of €2.4 million was recorded for this purpose on the basis of the
      employment contract commitments to the Management Board members (previous year: income of €0.9 million).




                                                       – II-283 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

         T.69 VIRTUAL SHARES, MEMBERS OF THE MANAGEMENT BOARD

         Plan                             MUP        MUP         PSP       MUP         PSP        PSP
         Issue date                    1/1/2020   1/1/2021   1/1/2021   1/1/2022   1/1/2022   1/1/2023

         Term                                5          5        4.25         5        4.25       4.25 Years
         Vesting period                      3          3           4         3           4          4 Years
         Base price PUMA share
           at issue                      67.69      86.23      86.23     106.95     106.95      51.86 EUR/share
         Reference value PUMA
           share at the end of the
           financial year                    0      55.46      49.25      55.46        46.3     50.62 EUR/share
         Weighted share price at
           the time of exercise          62.03          0          0          0          0          0 EUR/share
         Participants in the year of
           issue                             3          3          2          1          3          4 Persons
         Participants at the end of
           the financial year                3          3          2          1          3          4 Persons
         Number of monetary
           units/virtual shares as
           of 1 January 2023            62,743     34,548      7,070     10,323     16,458     81,279 Shares
         Number of monetary
           units/virtual shares
           exercised in the
           financial year              -62,743          0          0          0          0          0 Shares
         Number of monetary
           units/virtual shares
           expired in the financial
           year                              0          0          0          0          0          0 Shares


         Final number of
           monetary units/virtual
           shares as of
           31 December 2023                  0     34,548      7,070     10,323     16,458     81,279 Shares


         This commitment consisting of share-based remuneration transactions with cash compensation is recorded
   as personnel provisions and remeasured at fair value on every balance sheet date, provided it has not been
   exercised yet. The expenses are recorded pro rata over the vesting period. Based on the prorated average market
   price over the last thirty trading days in 2023 and taking into account the intra-year exercises in 2023, the
   provisions for these programmes amounted to €4.4 million at the end of the financial year (previous year: €5.8
   million).

   EXPLANATION OF THE “GAME CHANGER 2.0” PROGRAMME

          In 2018, the Long-Term Incentive Programme (LTIP) “Game Changer 2.0” was launched. Participants in
   this programme consist mainly of top executives reporting to the Management Board and individual key positions
   in the PUMA Group. The objective of this programme is to retain these employees in the Company on a
   long-term basis and to allow them to share in the medium-term success of the Company.

          The LTIP “Game Changer 2.0” consists of two plan parts, a Performance Cash Plan and a Performance
   Share Plan, each with a 50% share. The Performance Cash Plan gives a reward for the PUMA Group’s financial
   performance, while the Performance Share Plan gives a reward for the performance of the PUMA SE share in the
   capital market.




                                                  – II-284 –
APPENDIX II                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

          The performance period of the Performance Cash Plan is three years and is based on the average
   medium-term targets of the PUMA Group in terms of EBIT, sales and cash flow or working capital as a
   percentage of sales. Payment is made in cash and is limited to a maximum of 200% of the granted proportionate
   target amount (cap).

          The Performance Share Plan uses virtual shares to manage the incentive. The term is up to five years. This
   is divided into a three-year performance period and a two-year exercise period in which the virtual shares are
   paid out in cash. A payout is only possible at the four exercise times (6, 12, 18 or 24 months after the end of the
   performance period). The average share price of the last 30 trading days before the exercise date determines the
   value of a virtual share. The payout is limited to a maximum of 300% of the granted prorated target amount
   (cap) and is only made if an exercise hurdle of +10% share-price appreciation is exceeded once during the
   performance period.

   EXPLANATION OF THE “GAME CHANGER 2.0 – 2023” PROGRAMME

          In 2020, the global “Game Changer 2.0 – 2023” programme, as outlined above, was launched. The
   Performance Cash Plan is based on the following targets: EBIT (70%), cash flow (15%) and sales (15%). As part
   of the Performance Share component, payment is limited to a maximum of 300% of the granted proportionate
   target amount (cap).

         In the reporting year, an amount of €2.2 million (of which, €0.8 million from the Performance Share Plan)
   was paid out to the participants. The payment was subject to the condition that the individual participants were
   in an unterminated employment relationship with a company in the PUMA Group as at 31 December 2022.
   Furthermore, €-0.1 million was released for this programme in the year under review (previous year: release of
   €0.2 million). This resulted in a provision for this programme at the end of the financial year of €0.5 million
   (previous year: €2.8 million). The Performance Share Plan portion accounted for €0.5 million (previous year:
   €1.3 million).

   EXPLANATION OF THE “GAME CHANGER 2.0 – 2024” PROGRAMME

          In 2021, the global “Game Changer 2.0 – 2024” programme, as outlined above, was launched. The
   Performance Cash Plan is based on the following targets: EBIT (45%), working capital as a percentage of sales
   (15%), and sales (40%). As part of the Performance Share component, payment is limited to a maximum of 300%
   of the granted proportionate target amount (cap). An employment relationship until 31 December 2023 is
   required. In the reporting year, €0.2 million was released for this programme (previous year: €0.0 million) and a
   proportionate amount of €1.1 million (previous year: €0.5 million) was set aside for this programme. This
   resulted in a provision for this programme at the end of the financial year of €3.4 million (previous year: €2.5
   million). The Performance Share Plan portion accounted for €1.2 million (previous year: €0.8 million).

   EXPLANATION OF THE “GAME CHANGER 2.0 – 2026” PROGRAMME

          In 2023, the global “Game Changer 2.0 – 2026” programme, as outlined above, was launched. The
   Performance Cash Plan is based on the following targets: EBIT (70%), cash flow (15%) and sales (15%). As part
   of the Performance Share component, payment is limited to a maximum of 300% of the granted proportionate
   target amount (cap). An employment relationship until 31 December 2024 is required. In the reporting year, a
   prorated amount of €1.8 million (previous year: €0.0 million) was set aside for this programme. This resulted in
   a provision for this programme at the end of the financial year of €1.8 million (previous year: €0.0 million). The
   Performance Share Plan portion accounted for €1.0 million (previous year: €0.0 million).

   EXPLANATION OF THE “ROAD 2 10B” PROGRAMME

         In 2022, the “Game Changer 2.0” programme was replaced by the long-term incentive programme (LTIP)
   “Road 2 10B”. Participants in this programme consist of important professionals and managers within the PUMA
   Group. The objective of this programme is to retain these employees in the Company on a long-term basis and to
   allow them to share in the medium-term success of the Company.




                                                  – II-285 –
APPENDIX II                       FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

          The LTIP “Road 2 10B” consists of two plan parts, a Performance Cash Plan and a Performance Share
   Plan, each with a 50% share. The Performance Cash Plan gives a reward for the PUMA Group’s financial
   performance, while the Performance Share Plan gives a reward for the performance of the PUMA SE share in the
   capital market.

         The Performance Cash Plan is focused on the following targets: EBIT, sales and working capital as a
   percentage of sales based on the three-year plan set by the Management Board of PUMA SE. For participants in
   the programme with an employment relationship at Group level, the target achievement is based on the following
   Group targets: EBIT (45%), sales (40%), and working capital as a percentage of sales (15%). For participants in
   the programme with an employment relationship at the national or regional level, 50% of the target achievement
   is based on achieving the Group targets. The remaining 50% is based on achieving the following targets at the
   national or regional level: EBIT (22.5%), sales (20%) and working capital as a percentage of sales (7.5%).
   Payment is limited to a maximum of 200% of the granted proportionate target amount (cap).

          The Performance Share Plan is based on the performance of the PUMA share price. The term is up to five
   years, divided into a three-year performance period and a subsequent two-year exercise period, in which the
   virtual shares are paid out in cash. A payout is only possible at the four exercise times (6, 12, 18 or 24 months
   after the end of the performance period). The average share price of the last 30 trading days before the exercise
   date determines the payout value of a virtual share. The payout is limited to a maximum of 300% of the granted
   prorated target amount (cap) and is only made if an exercise hurdle of +10% share-price appreciation is exceeded
   once during the performance period.

          In the reporting year, €0.6 million was released for this programme (previous year: €0.0 million) and a
   proportionate amount of €0.8 million (previous year: €4.7 million) was set aside for this programme. This
   resulted in a provision for this programme at the end of the financial year of €6.0 million (previous year: €5.8
   million). The Performance Share Plan portion accounted for €0.4 million (previous year: €0.6 million).




                                                  – II-286 –
APPENDIX II                     FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      T.70 VIRTUAL SHARES, NON-MANAGEMENT BOARD MEMBERS

                                          Game        Game                       Game
                                       Changer     Changer                    Changer
      Program addendum                     2023        2024      Road 2.10b       2026
      Issue date                       1/1/2020    1/1/2021        1/1/2022   1/1/2023

      Term                                    5              5            5          5   Years
      Vesting period                          3              3            3          3   Years
      Base price at program start         67.69          86.23       106.95      51.86   EUR/share
      Reference value at the end
        of the financial year             55.46          55.46         5.73      55.46   EUR/share
      Weighted share price at the
        time of exercise                  51.43             0            0          0    EUR/share
      Participants in the year of
        issue                               60             76          486         84    Persons
      Participants at the end of the
        financial year                      19             65          467         84    Persons
      Number of virtual shares as
        of 1 January 2023               24,547          23,340      103,352    55,167    Shares
      Number of virtual shares
        expired in the financial
        year                              -222          -2,370      -10,467         0    Shares
      Number of virtual shares
        added in the financial year
        (new participants)                   0            470         2,674         0    Shares
      Number of virtual shares
        exercised in the financial
        year                            -15,334             0            0          0    Shares


      Final number of virtual
        shares as of 31 December
        2023                              8,991         21,440       95,559    55,167    Shares




                                           – II-287 –
APPENDIX II                          FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT

19.   SALES

      The following table shows the Group’s sales broken down by distribution channel and division:

      T.71 BREAKDOWN BY DISTRIBUTION CHANNEL (in € million)

                                                                                            2023                  2022

      Wholesale                                                                          6,468.6               6,513.7
      Direct-to-consumer (DTC)                                                           2,133.0               1,951.4


      Total                                                                              8,601.7               8,465.1


      T.72 BREAKDOWN BY PRODUCT DIVISION (in € million)

                                                                                            2023                  2022

      Footwear                                                                           4,583.4               4,317.9
      Apparel                                                                            2,763.0               2,896.3
      Accessories                                                                        1,255.3               1,251.0


      Total                                                                              8,601.7               8,465.1


20.   OTHER OPERATING INCOME AND EXPENSES

       According to the respective functions, other operating income and expenses include personnel, advertising, sales
and distribution expenses as well as rental and leasing expenditure, travel costs, legal and consulting expenses and
other general expenses. Rental and lease expenses associated with the Group’s own retail stores include revenue-based
rental components.




                                                     – II-288 –
APPENDIX II                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      Other operating income and expenses are allocated based on functional areas as follows:

      T.73 OTHER OPERATING INCOME AND EXPENSES (in € million)

                                                                                             2023                  2022

      Sales and distribution expenses                                                     2,799.0               2,677.2
      Product management/merchandising                                                       82.5                  70.9
      Research and development                                                               89.0                  82.2
      Administrative and general expenses                                                   450.9                 465.8


      Other operating expenses                                                            3,421.3               3,296.0
      Other operating income                                                                -17.8                  -0.1


      Total                                                                               3,403.5               3,295.9


        Thereof personnel expenses                                                          894.4                 836.3
        Thereof scheduled depreciation                                                      351.7                 332.8
        Thereof impairment losses                                                             5.7                  26.0
        Thereof reversal of impairment losses                                               -11.9                   0.0

      Within the sales and distribution expenses, marketing/retail expenses account for a large proportion of the
operating expenses. In addition to advertising and promotional expenses, they also include expenses associated with the
Group’s own retail activities. Other sales and distribution expenses include logistics expenses and other variable sales
and distribution expenses.

       Impairment expenses in the reporting year amounted to €5.7 million and related exclusively to right-of-use
assets (previous year: €25.4 million). There were no impairment expenses for property, plant and equipment (previous
year: €0.6 million). In contrast, there were reversals of impairment losses on right-of-use assets amounting to €11.9
million (previous year: €0.0 million).

      In the consolidated financial statements of PUMA SE, fees of €2.0 million (previous year: €1.9 million) are
recorded as operating expenses for the auditor of the consolidated financial statements, KPMG AG
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Nuremberg, Germany. The audit fee is divided into fees for audit services for the
annual and consolidated financial statements as well as the audit review of the half-year financial report in the amount
of €1.8 million (previous year: €1.8 million) and other assurance services amounting to €0.2 million (previous year:
€0.1 million) mainly for the audit of information in the sustainability report and other minor services in the amount of
€0.0 million (previous year: none). In addition to expenses for PUMA SE, the fees also include the fees of the
domestic and foreign subsidiaries audited directly by the Group auditor.

      In financial year 2023, government grants amounted to a mid single-digit (previous year: low double-digit)
million euro amount. Government grants are deducted from the corresponding expenses.

      Other operating income comprises income from the sale of fixed assets in the amount of €8.5 million (previous
year: €0.1 million), selling profit from finance leases totalling €8.0 million (previous year: €0.0 million), and rental
income totalling €1.4 million (previous year: €0.0 million).




                                                     – II-289 –
APPENDIX II                       FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

   Overall, other operating expenses include personnel costs, which consist of:

   T.74 PERSONNEL COSTS (in € million)

                                                                                         2023                  2022

   Wages and salaries                                                                   688.7                 649.8
   Social security contributions                                                        101.2                  91.9
   Expenses from share-based payments with cash compensation                              5.2                   5.1
   Expenses for retirement pension and other personnel expenses                          99.3                  89.5


   Total                                                                                894.4                 836.3


   In addition, cost of sales includes personnel costs in the amount of €6.2 million (previous year: €10.2 million).

   The average number of employees for the year was as follows:

   T.75 EMPLOYEES

                                                                                         2023                  2022

   Marketing/retail/sales                                                              13,092                12,229
   Research & development/product management                                            1,360                 1,228
   Administrative and general units                                                     3,570                 3,213


   Total annual average                                                                18,023                16,669


   As of the end of the year, a total of 18,681 individuals were employed (previous year: 18,071).




                                                  – II-290 –
APPENDIX II                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

21.   FINANCIAL RESULT

      The financial result consists of:

      T.76 FINANCIAL RESULT (in € million)

                                                                                             2023                  2022

      Interest income                                                                        36.6                  32.3
      Interest income – lease receivables                                                     1.2                   0.0
      Other                                                                                  74.9                  47.1


      Financial income                                                                      112.7                  79.4


      Interest expense                                                                      -53.1                 -15.2
      Interest expense – lease liabilities                                                  -46.8                 -38.6
      Interest expense of valuation of pension plans                                         -0.9                  -0.6
      Expenses from currency-conversion differences, net                                    -69.4                  -2.2
      Other                                                                                 -85.9                -111.7


      Financial expenses                                                                   -256.0                -168.3


      Financial result                                                                     -143.3                 -88.9


     The “Other” item in the financial income of €74.9 million (previous year: €47.1 million) includes interest
components in connection with currency derivatives as well as hedging gains from freestanding derivatives.

       The item “Other” in financial expenses includes, among other things, interest components in connection with
currency derivatives in the amount of €58.1 million (previous year: €69.9 million) and the loss on the net monetary
position associated with hyperinflation in the amount of €23.7 million (previous year: €27.8 million).

22.   INCOME TAXES

      T.77 INCOME TAXES (in € million)

                                                                                             2023                  2022

      Current income taxes                                                                  140.6                 152.5
      Deferred taxes                                                                        -22.8                 -25.1


      Total                                                                                 117.8                 127.4


       Current income taxes include €0.8 million in out-of-period income. Deferred taxes include tax income of €0.3
million (tax income in previous year: €39.2 million), which is attributable to the occurrence or resolution of temporary
differences.

      In general, PUMA SE and its German subsidiaries are subject to corporate income tax, plus a solidarity surcharge
and trade tax. Thus, a weighted mixed tax rate of 27.22% continued to apply for the financial year.




                                                     – II-291 –
APPENDIX II                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      Reconciliation of the theoretical tax expense with the effective tax expense:

      T.78 TAX RATE RECONCILIATION (in € million)

                                                                                               2023                   2022

      Earnings before income tax                                                              478.3                  551.7

      Theoretical tax expense
        Tax rate of the SE = 27.22% (previous year: 27.22%)                                   130.2                  150.2
      Tax rate difference with respect to other countries                                     -21.0                   -6.9
      Other tax effects:
        Income tax for previous years                                                           3.7                   -9.7
        Losses and temporary differences for which no tax claims were
          recognized                                                                             6.4                   4.8
        Changes in tax rates                                                                    -0.4                  -0.6
      Non-deductible expenses for tax purposes and non-taxable income
        and other effects                                                                       -1.1                 -10.4


      Effective tax expense                                                                   117.8                  127.4


      Effective tax rate                                                                     24.6%                  23.1%

      For the financial year 2023, the total tax advantage from previously uncapitalised tax losses, tax credits or
temporary differences from previous years which led to a reduction in deferred tax expenses, amounted to €7.5 million
(previous year: €7.0 million). Deferred tax expenses due to an impairment of deferred tax assets amounted to €11.3
million in the financial year (previous year: €5.0 million).

      The tax effect resulting from items that were directly included in other comprehensive income can be found in
chapter 8.

      INFORMATION ON THE EFFECTS OF GLOBAL MINIMUM TAXATION (PILLAR II)

             On 23 May 2023, the IASB published amendments to IAS 12, which require companies subject to global
      minimum taxation regulations to provide additional information on the impact of the global minimum taxation in
      their annual financial statements for financial years beginning on or after 1 January 2023.

             The PUMA Group falls within the scope of application of the global minimum taxation. The relevant
      legislation entered into force on 28 December 2023 in Germany, the country in which the parent company of the
      PUMA Group is based, and applies to financial years beginning after 31 December 2023. As the Minimum Tax
      Act (“MinStG”) applies to the financial year of the PUMA Group beginning on 1 January 2024, but was not yet
      applicable to the financial year beginning on 1 January 2023, the PUMA Group has no associated ongoing tax
      risk in financial year 2023. Taking into account the fact that the PUMA Group will be affected by the minimum
      tax legislation, a preliminary valuation of the potential risk was carried out.

             The valuation of the potential risk of Pillar II taxes is based on the most recent country-related reports and
      financial statements available to the Group’s business units. The Group has identified a potential risk of the
      suspension of Pillar II taxes on profits made in Hong Kong and the United Arab Emirates. The potential risk
      arises from the business units (mainly operating subsidiaries) in these countries, where the effective tax rate is
      likely to be less than 15%.

            If the MinStG had been applied for this financial year ending on 31 December 2023, the amount of the tax
      increase determined according to the MinStG would have totalled approx. €12 million. However, the actual
      amounts of tax increases in the countries concerned in 2024 will depend on various factors.




                                                      – II-292 –
APPENDIX II                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

             The PUMA Group makes use of the exemption under IAS 12.88A for the recognition of deferred taxes that
      result from the introduction of global minimum taxation.

23.   EARNINGS PER SHARE

      The earnings per share are determined in accordance with IAS 33 by dividing the consolidated annual surplus
(consolidated net earnings) attributable to the shareholders of the parent company by the weighted average number of
outstanding shares.

      T.79 EARNINGS PER SHARE

      The calculation is shown in the table below:

                                                                                              2023                   2022

      Net income attributable to the shareholders of
       PUMA SE ( € million)                                                                  304.9                 353.5
      Weighted average number of outstanding shares (shares)                           149,852,251           149,649,158

      Earnings per share ( € )                                                                 2.03                  2.36
      Net income for calculating the diluted earnings
        per share ( € million)                                                               304.9                 353.5
      Weighted average number of outstanding shares (shares)                           149,852,251           149,649,158
      Dilutive effect of conditionally issuable shares in connection with
        service agreements                                                                       0                12,107
      Dilutive effect from share-based payments                                             19,651                 2,573
      Weighted average number of outstanding shares, diluted (shares)                  149,871,901           149,663,837
      Earnings per share ( € ) – diluted                                                      2.03                  2.36


ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

24.   SEGMENT REPORTING

       Segment reporting is based on geographical areas of responsibility in accordance with the PUMA internal
reporting structure, with the exception of stichd. The geographical area of responsibility corresponds to the business
segment. Sales, the operating result (EBIT) and other segment information are allocated to the corresponding
geographical areas of responsibility according to the registered office of the respective Group company.

      The internal management reporting includes the following reporting segments: Europe, EEMEA (Eastern Europe,
Middle East, Africa, India and Southeast Asia), North America, Latin America, Greater China, rest of Asia/Pacific
(excluding Greater China and Southeast Asia) and stichd. These are reported as reportable business segments in
accordance with the criteria of IFRS 8.

       The reconciliation includes information on assets, liabilities, expenses and income in connection with centralised
functions that do not meet the definition of business segments in IFRS 8. Central expenses and income include in
particular central sourcing, central treasury, central marketing, impairment losses on non-current assets and other global
functions of the Company headquarters.

      The Company’s main decision-maker is defined as the entire Management Board of PUMA SE.

       The external sales presented in the segment reporting includes sales from both the wholesale business and own
retail activities (direct-to-consumer business). The percentage breakdown of sales by wholesale business and
direct-to-consumer business at the segment level mainly aligns with the breakdown at the Group level (see chapter 19).
Exceptions to this are the Greater China segment, where wholesale sales represent approximately 50%, and the stichd
segment, which almost exclusively generates wholesale sales.




                                                      – II-293 –
APPENDIX II                            FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      The business relationships between the companies in the segments are essentially based on prices that are also
agreed with third parties. With the exception of sales of goods by stichd amounting to €37.1 million (previous year:
€38.3 million), there are no significant internal sales, which is why they are not included in the presentation.

      The operating result (EBIT) of the business segments is defined as gross profit less the attributable other
operating expenses plus royalty and commission income and other operating income, but not considering the costs of
the central departments and the central marketing expenses.

       The external sales, operating result (EBIT), inventories and trade receivables of the business segments are
regularly reported to the main decision-maker. Amounts recognised by the Group from the intra-group profit
elimination on inventories in connection with intra-group sales are not allocated to the business segments in the way
that they are reported to the main decision-maker. Investments, depreciation and non-current assets at the level of the
business segments are not reported to the main decision-maker. Intangible assets are allocated to the business segments
in the manner described in chapter 11. Liabilities, the financial result and income taxes are not allocated to the business
segments and are therefore not reported to the main decision-maker at the business segment level.

      Non-current assets and depreciation comprise the carrying amounts and depreciation of property, plant and
equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets during the past financial year. The investments comprise additions
to property, plant and equipment and intangible assets.

       Since PUMA is active in only one business area, the sporting goods industry, products are additionally allocated
according to the Footwear, Apparel and Accessories product segments in accordance with the internal reporting
structure.

      SEGMENT REPORTING JAN-DEC 2023

      T.80 BUSINESS SEGMENTS (in € million)

                                          External Sales                   EBIT                      Investments
                                       1–12/2023    1–12/2022       1–12/2023   1–12/2022        1–12/2023   1–12/2022

      Europe                              2,016.0       1,922.5          251.4          242.0          25.8           33.6
      EEMEA                               1,626.2       1,333.3          392.1          308.5          28.1           30.2
      North America                       2,095.9       2,531.4          295.0          398.9          75.5           67.6
      Latin America                       1,239.9       1,098.3          285.3          285.2          75.8           34.6
      Greater China                         582.2         521.3           84.5           20.2          10.3           20.3
      Asia/Pacific (excluding
         Greater China)                     551.7         588.5           61.2           73.4           6.5            7.2
      stichd                                459.4         469.8           89.5          113.2          22.1           21.2


      Total business segments             8,571.3       8,465.1        1,458.9        1,441.2         244.1          214.7




                                                       – II-294 –
APPENDIX II                      FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

                                    Depreciation and                                         Trade Receivables
                                      amortization                Inventories                  (third parties)
                                  1–12/2023    1–12/2022     1–12/2023    1–12/2022         1–12/2023    1–12/2022

   Europe                               61.7        58.5         498.5          602.5             196.4      190.3
   EEMEA                                55.6        55.8         338.4          378.5             286.5      189.4
   North America                        83.3        71.2         466.1          739.3             204.9      259.2
   Latin America                        39.2        23.1         306.9          253.1             223.7      200.7
   Greater China                        29.3        39.7         109.6          179.1              40.6       44.5
   Asia/Pacific (excluding
      Greater China)                    28.1        31.6          97.8          114.7              91.5      111.4
   stichd                               11.2         8.3         104.8           93.9              72.1       66.1


   Total business segments            308.3        288.2       1,922.0         2,361.1           1,115.7   1,061.6


   T.81 CONTINUATION BUSINESS SEGMENTS (in € million)

                                                                                    Non-current assets
                                                                                  1–12/2023            1–12/2022

   Europe                                                                                477.4               477.1
   EEMEA                                                                                 186.1               198.1
   North America                                                                         741.8               750.4
   Latin America                                                                         221.5               128.2
   Greater China                                                                          91.8                86.2
   Asia/Pacific (excluding Greater China)                                                121.7               149.4
   stichd                                                                                226.0               209.6


   Total business segments                                                           2,066.4               1,999.1


   T.82 PRODUCT EXTERNAL SALES (€ million) GROSS PROFIT MARGIN (in %)

                                                   External Sales                         Gross Profit Margin
                                                1–12/2023       1–12/2022                1–12/2023       1–12/2022

   Footwear                                        4,583.4           4,317.9                45.4%           44.9%
   Apparel                                         2,763.0           2,896.3                47.8%           47.3%
   Accessories                                     1,255.3           1,251.0                46.6%           47.4%


   Total                                           8,601.7           8,465.1                46.3%           46.1%




                                               – II-295 –
APPENDIX II                       FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

   RECONCILIATIONS

   T.83 RECONCILIATIONS (in € million)

                                                                                          External Sales
                                                                                      1–12/2023                 1–12/2022

   Total business segments                                                               8,571.3                  8,465.1
   Central Areas                                                                            30.4                      0.0


   Total                                                                                 8,601.7                  8,465.1


                                                                                              EBIT
                                                                                      1–12/2023                 1–12/2022

   Total business segments                                                               1,458.9                  1,441.2

   Central Areas                                                                             -344.6                -364.4
   Central expenses Marketing                                                                -492.7                -436.2
   Consolidation                                                                                0.0                   0.0


   EBIT                                                                                       621.6                 640.6
   Financial Result                                                                          -143.3                 -88.9


   EBT                                                                                       478.3                  551.7


                                                       Investments                   Depreciation and amortization
                                                  1–12/2023        1–12/2022            1–12/2023        1–12/2022

   Total business segments                             244.1               214.7                 308.3              288.2

   Central Areas                                        55.5                49.3                  43.4               44.6
   Consolidation                                         0.0                 0.0                   0.0                0.0


   Total                                               299.6               263.9                 351.7              332.8


                                                                Trade Receivables
                                       Inventories                (third parties)                Non-current assets
                                  1–12/2023    1–12/2022       1–12/2023    1–12/2022           1–12/2023   1–12/2022

   Total business segments           1,922.0       2,361.1       1,115.7           1,061.6            2,066.4     1,999.1

   Not allocated to the
    business segments                 -117.7        -116.0           2.8               3.3             237.7        211.0


   Total                             1,804.4       2,245.1       1,118.4           1,064.9            2,304.1     2,210.1


   GEOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION

         Sales revenue (with third parties) is reported in the geographical market in which it arises. Non-current
   assets are allocated to the geographical market based on the registered office of the relevant subsidiary,
   regardless of the segment structure.




                                                 – II-296 –
APPENDIX II                            FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

              T.84 GEOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION BY COUNTRY (in € million)

                                                           External Sales                            Non-current assets
                                                        1–12/2023       1–12/2022                   1–12/2023       1–12/2022

              Germany, Europe                                631.6              586.3                   507.0             488.3
              USA, North America                           1,933.7            2,334.2                   604.5             604.7

25.   NOTES TO THE CASH FLOW STATEMENT

       The cash flow statement was prepared in accordance with IAS 7 and is structured based on cash flows from
operating, investing and financing activities. The indirect method is used to determine the cash outflow/inflow from
operating activities. The gross cash flow, derived from earnings before income tax and adjusted for non-cash income
and expense items, is determined within the cash flow from operating activities. Cash outflow/inflow from operating
activities less investments in property, plant and equipment as well as intangible assets is referred to as free cash flow.

       The cash and cash equivalents reported in the cash flow statement include all cash and cash equivalents shown in
the statement of financial position under the item “Cash and cash equivalents”, i.e. cash on hand, checks and current
bank balances including short-term financial investments.

      The following table shows the cash and non-cash changes in financial liabilities in accordance with IAS 7.44 A:

      T.85 RECONCILIATION OF FINANCIAL LIABILITIES TO THE CASH INFLOW/OUTFLOW FROM
           FINANCING ACTIVITIES 2023 (in € million)

                                                                        Non-cash changes
                                                          Balance      Currency                                           Balance
                                          Notes        01/01/2023       changes            Other      Cash changes     31/12/2023

      Financial liabilities
      Lease liabilities                    10             1,230.4         -44.9             254.9           -208.0        1,232.4
      Current borrowings                   13                75.9          -0.6             129.8            -59.1          145.9
      Non-current borrowings               13               251.5           0.0            -125.0            299.6          426.1


      Total                                               1,557.8         -45.6            259.7                32.5      1,804.4




                                                       – II-297 –
APPENDIX II                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      T.86 RECONCILIATION OF FINANCIAL LIABILITIES TO THE CASH INFLOW/OUTFLOW FROM
           FINANCING ACTIVITIES 2022 (in € million)

                                                                       Non-cash changes
                                                         Balance      Currency                                       Balance
                                         Notes        01/01/2022       changes            Other    Cash changes   31/12/2022

      Financial liabilities
      Lease liabilities                   10             1,023.4          12.1            385.0          -190.0      1,230.4
      Current borrowings                  13                68.5          -1.1              0.0             8.4         75.9
      Non-current borrowings              13               311.5           0.0              0.0           -60.0        251.5


      Total                                              1,403.4          11.1            385.0          -241.6      1,557.8


        The lease liabilities of €1,232.4 million (previous year: €1,230.4 million) break down into current lease
liabilities of €212.4 million (previous year: €200.2 million) and non-current lease liabilities of €1,020.0 million
(previous year: €1,030.3 million).

26.   OTHER FINANCIAL COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

      OTHER FINANCIAL OBLIGATIONS

            The Company has other financial obligations associated with license, promotional and advertising
      agreements, which give rise to the following financial obligations as of the balance sheet date:

              T.87 COMMITMENTS FROM LICENSE, PROMOTIONAL AND ADVERTISING AGREEMENTS
                   (in € million)

                                                                                                  2023                2022

              From license, promotional and advertising agreements:
              Due within one year                                                              402.4                 348.6
              Due between one and five years                                                 1,203.5                 781.1
              Due after five years                                                             314.2                 130.8


              Total                                                                          1,920.2               1,260.5


             As is customary in the industry, the promotional and advertising agreements provide for additional
      payments on reaching pre-defined goals (e.g. medals, championships). These are contractually agreed, but by
      their nature cannot be predicted exactly in terms of their timing and amount.

             In addition, there are other financial obligations totalling €246.5 million, of which, €146.5 million relate
      to the years from 2025. These include service agreements of €234.2 million as well as other obligations of €12.3
      million.

      CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

             Individual PUMA companies are involved in legal disputes arising from normal operating activities, e.g.
      relating to intellectual property rights and employee matters. If an outflow of resources from these legal disputes
      is classified as probable and the amount of the obligation can be reliably estimated, the risks arising from these
      legal disputes are included in the other provisions. However, if the probability of occurrence is classified as low,
      these legal disputes are recognised as contingent liabilities, which are estimated at €0.8 million in this financial
      year (previous year: €3.1 million). Contingent liabilities also exist due to uncertainties in the appraisal of the
      facts by the tax and customs authorities in India. Based on external reports, the Management currently assumes




                                                      – II-298 –
APPENDIX II                          FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      that the receivables of Indian tax and customs authorities will not result in any cash outflow. Overall, the PUMA
      Management considers that the impact of the total of the contingent liabilities on the net assets, financial
      position and results of operations of the Company is immaterial.

27.   COMPENSATION OF THE MANAGEMENT BOARD AND SUPERVISORY BOARD

      Disclosures pursuant to Section 314(1) 6 HGB (German Commercial Code [Handelsgesetzbuch]) in conjunction
with Section 315e HGB.

      COMPENSATION OF THE MEMBERS OF THE MANAGEMENT BOARD

            The total compensation of the members of the Management Board in financial year 2023 was €10.3
      million (previous year: €11.9 million).

            The total remuneration of the Management Board includes the share-based remuneration granted for the
      financial year with a fair value of €4.2 million (previous year: €1.7 million) and 81,279 performance shares
      were issued (previous year: 16,457). The total remuneration for the previous year also includes the issue of
      30,968 virtual shares of the PUMA Monetary Unit Plan with a fair value of €3.0 million.

      TOTAL COMPENSATION OF FORMER MEMBERS OF THE MANAGEMENT BOARD

           The total remuneration of former members of the Management Board and their surviving dependents
      amounted to €0.7 million in financial year 2023 (previous year: €0.7 million).

            In addition, there were defined benefit pension obligations to former members of the Management Board
      and their widows/widowers amounting to €2.4 million (previous year: €2.5 million) as well as defined
      contribution plans from deferred compensation of former members of the Management Board and Managing
      Directors amounting to €47.2 million (previous year: €17.3 million). Both items are recognised accordingly
      within pension provisions to the extent they were not offset against plan assets of an equal amount.

      COMPENSATION OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD

           The compensation paid to the Supervisory Board comprised fixed compensation and additional
      compensation for committee activities, and amounted to a total of €0.4 million (previous year: €0.2 million).

28.   DISCLOSURES RELATED TO NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS

       The summarised financial information about subsidiaries of the Group in which non-controlling interests exist is
presented below. This financial information relates to all companies with non-controlling interests in which the
identical non-controlling shareholder holds an interest. The figures represent the amounts before intercompany
eliminations.

      Evaluation of the control of companies with non-controlling interests:

       The Group holds a 51% capital share in PUMA United North America LLC, PUMA United Canada ULC and
Janed Canada LLC (inactive company). With these companies, there are profit-sharing arrangements in place which
differ from the capital share for the benefit of the respective identical non-controlling shareholder. PUMA receives
higher license fees in exchange.

      In addition, there is a shareholding in the capital and the result, amounting to 70%, in the company PUMA
United Aviation North America LLC.

       The contractual agreements with these companies respectively provide PUMA with a majority of the voting
rights at the shareholder meetings, and thus the right of disposal regarding these companies. PUMA is exposed to
fluctuating returns from the sales-based license fees and from variable earnings. The Group also controls the key
activities of these companies. The companies are accordingly included in the consolidated financial statements as
subsidiaries with full consolidation with recognition of non-controlling interests.




                                                     – II-299 –
APPENDIX II                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      The non-controlling interests existing on the balance sheet date relate to PUMA United North America LLC,
PUMA United Canada ULC, Janed Canada, LLC (inactive) and PUMA United Aviation North America LLC at €28.9
million (previous year: €67.1 million).

      The following tables show a summary of the financial information for subsidiaries with non-controlling interests:

      T.88 ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (in € million)

                                                                                              2023                   2022

      Current assets                                                                         112.9                  105.8
      Non-current assets                                                                       8.6                   10.3
      Current liabilities                                                                     85.3                   40.4
      Non-current liabilities                                                                  0.0                    0.0
      Net assets                                                                              36.3                   75.7
      Net assets attributable to non-controlling interests                                    28.9                   67.1

      T.89 INCOME STATEMENT (in € million)

                                                                                              2023                   2022

      Sales                                                                                  411.8                  452.2
      Net income                                                                              56.8                   72.0
      Profit attributable to non-controlling interests                                        55.7                   70.9
      Other comprehensive income of non-controlling interests                                  4.3                    4.1
      Total comprehensive income of non-controlling interests                                 54.2                   75.0
      Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                             92.4                   73.3

      T.90 CASH (in € million)

                                                                                              2023                   2022

      Net cash from operating activities                                                      101.8                  79.4
      Net cash used in investing activities                                                    -0.3                   0.0
      Net cash used in financing activities                                                  -101.4                 -80.1
      Changes in cash and cash equivalents                                                      0.0                  -0.4

29.   RELATED PARTY RELATIONSHIPS

      In accordance with IAS 24, relationships to related companies and persons that control or are controlled by the
PUMA Group must be reported. All natural persons and companies that can be controlled by PUMA, that can exercise
relevant control over the PUMA Group or that are under the relevant control of another related party of the PUMA
Group are considered to be related companies or persons within the meaning of IAS 24.

       As of 31 December 2023, there was one shareholding in PUMA SE that exceeded 20% of the voting rights. This
is held by the Pinault family via several companies that the family controls (in order of proximity to the Pinault family:
Financière Pinault S.C.A., Artémis S.A.S. and Kering S.A.). The share of Kering S.A. in PUMA SE amounted to 1.47%
of the share capital at 18 September 2023. Combined, the shareholdings of Artémis S.A.S. and Kering S.A. amounted
to 29.99% of the share capital of PUMA SE at 18 September 2023. Since Artémis S.A.S. and Kering S.A. hold more
than 20% of the voting rights in PUMA SE, they are presumed to have significant influence according to IAS 28.5 and
IAS 28.6. They and all other companies directly or indirectly controlled by Financière Pinault S.C.A. that are not
included in the consolidated financial statements of PUMA SE are considered as related parties in the following.

      In addition, the disclosure obligation pursuant to IAS 24 extends to transactions with associated companies as
well as transactions with other related companies and persons.

      Transactions with related companies and persons largely concern sales of goods and licensing agreements.




                                                       – II-300 –
APPENDIX II                          FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

      The following overview illustrates the scope of the business relationships:

      T.91 DELIVERIES AND SERVICES RENDERED AND RECEIVED (in € million)

                                                           Deliveries and                     Deliveries and
                                                         services rendered                   services received
                                                            2023              2022              2023             2022

      Companies included in the Artémis
        Group                                                 2.1               1.7              0.0              0.1
      Other related companies and persons                     0.0               0.0              0.0              0.0


      Total                                                   2.1               1.7              0.0              0.1


      T.92 NET RECEIVABLES AND LIABILITIES (in € million)

                                                       Net receivables from                    Liabilities to
                                                           2023             2022               2023              2022

      Companies included in the Artémis
        Group                                                 0.3               0.3              0.0              0.0
      Other related companies and persons                     0.0               0.0              0.0              0.0


      Total                                                   0.3               0.3              0.0              0.0


      Receivables from related companies and persons are not subject to value adjustments.

      Classification of the remuneration of key management personnel in accordance with IAS 24.17:

      The members of key management personnel in accordance with IAS 24 are the Management Board and the
Supervisory Board. These are counted as related parties.

      In financial year 2023, the remuneration of the members of the Management Board of PUMA SE for short-term
benefits amounted to €6.1 million (previous year: €7.2 million), for termination benefits to €0.0 million (previous
year: €0.0 million) and the share-based payment €1.4 million (previous year: €-0.5 million). Furthermore, just like in
the previous year, no remuneration was granted in the form of other long-term benefits or in the form of
post-employment benefits in the reporting year. Accordingly, the total expenditure for the reporting year amounted to
€7.5 million (previous year: €6.7 million).

      In financial year 2023, the remuneration of the members of the Supervisory Board of PUMA SE for short-term
benefits amounted to €0.4 million (previous year: €0.2 million).

30.   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

      In November 2023, the Management Board and the Supervisory Board submitted the required compliance
declaration with respect to the recommendations issued by the Government Commission German Corporate Governance
Code pursuant to Section 161 of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz – AktG) and published it on the
Company’s website (https://about.PUMA.com). Please also refer to the corporate governance statement in accordance
with section 289f and section 315d HGB (Handelsgesetzbuch, German Commercial Code) in the Combined
Management Report.




                                                     – II-301 –
APPENDIX II                          FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

31.   EVENTS AFTER THE BALANCE SHEET DATE

     No events with any significant effect on the net assets, financial position and results of operations of the PUMA
Group occurred after the balance sheet date.

32.   DATE OF RELEASE

       The Management Board of PUMA SE released the consolidated financial statements on 7 February 2024 for
distribution to the Supervisory Board. The task of the Supervisory Board is to review the consolidated financial
statements and state whether it approves them.

Herzogenaurach, 7 February 2024



The Management Board




Freundt      Hinterseher       Descours       Valdes

This is a translation of the German version. In case of doubt, the German version shall apply.




                                                       – II-302 –
APPENDIX II                     FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

APPENDIX 1 OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT

MEMBERS OF THE MANAGEMENT BOARD AND SUPERVISORY BOARD AND THEIR
MANDATES STATUS: 31 DECEMBER 2023

MEMBERS OF THE MANAGEMENT BOARD AND THEIR MANDATES

Arne Freundt
Chief Executive Officer (CEO)

Hubert Hinterseher
Chief Financial Officer (CFO)

Anne-Laure Descours
Chief Sourcing Officer (CSO)

Maria Valdes (since 1 January 2023)
Chief Product Officer (CPO)

MEMBERS OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD AND THEIR MANDATES

Héloïse Temple-Boyer (first elected on 18 April 2019)
(Chair)
Paris, France

Deputy CEO of ARTÉMIS S.A.S., Paris/France

Membership in other statutory supervisory boards in Germany: None

Membership in comparable domestic and foreign controlling bodies of commercial enterprises 2

    •    Kering S.A., Paris/France

    •    Christie’s International Plc., London/ United Kingdom

    •    CAA LL.C., Los Angeles/USA

    •    Giambattista Valli S.A.S., Paris/France

    •    Société d’exploitation de l’hebdomadaire le Point S.A., Paris/France

    •    Pinault Collection, Paris/France



2
    All mandates are mandates within the ARTÈMIS/KERING-Group. Only Kering S.A. is a listed company.



                                               – II-303 –
APPENDIX II                       FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

Thore Ohlsson (first elected on 21 May 1993)
(Deputy Chair)
Falsterbo, Sweden

President of Elimexo AB, Falsterbo/Sweden

Membership in other statutory supervisory boards in Germany: None

Membership in comparable domestic and foreign controlling bodies of commercial enterprises:

     •    Tomas Frick AB, Vellinge/Sweden

     •    Orrefors Kosta Boda AB, Kosta/Sweden

     •    Infinitive AB, Malmö/Sweden

     •    Friskvårdcenter AB, Malmö/Sweden

     •    Totestories AB, Vellinge/Sweden

Jean-Marc Duplaix (first elected on 24 May 2023)
Paris, France

Deputy CEO of Kering S.A., Paris/France

Membership in other statutory supervisory boards in Germany: None

Membership in comparable domestic and foreign controlling bodies of commercial enterprises 3 :

     •    Balenciaga S.A., Paris/Frankreich

Jean-François Palus (first elected on 16 June 2007, until 24 May 2023)
Paris, France

Managing Director of Guccio Gucci S.p.A., Florence/Italy

Membership in other statutory supervisory boards in Germany: None




3
     The mandate is a mandate within the Kering Group. Kering S.A. is a listed company. Balenciaga S.A. is not
     listed



                                                – II-304 –
APPENDIX II                   FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

Membership in comparable domestic and foreign controlling bodies of commercial enterprises:

     •    Financière Pinault S.C.A., Paris/France

     •    Sonova Management S.A.S., Paris/France

     •    Bureau Veritas S.A., Paris/France

Fiona May (first elected on 18 April 2019)
Calenzano, Italy

Independent Management Consultant

Membership in other statutory supervisory boards in Germany: None

Membership in comparable domestic and foreign controlling bodies of commercial enterprises:
None

Martin Köppel (first elected on 25 July 2011)
(Employees’ Representative)
Adelsdorf, Germany

Chair of the Works Council of PUMA SE

Membership in other statutory supervisory boards in Germany: None

Membership in comparable domestic and foreign controlling bodies of commercial enterprises:
None

Bernd Illig (first elected on 9 July 2018)
(Employees’ Representative)
Bechhofen, Germany

Teamhead IT Endpoint Management of PUMA SE

Membership in other statutory supervisory boards in Germany: None

Membership in comparable domestic and foreign controlling bodies of commercial enterprises:
None




                                             – II-305 –
APPENDIX II                 FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

SUPERVISORY BOARD COMMITTEES

Personnel Committee

•   Héloïse Temple-Boyer (Chair)

•   Fiona May

•   Martin Köppel

Audit Committee

•   Jean-Marc Duplaix (Chair since 24 May 2023)

•   Thore Ohlsson (Chair until 24 May 2023)

•   Héloïse Temple-Boyer (until 24 May 2023)

•   Bernd Illig

Nominating Committee

•   Héloïse Temple-Boyer (Chair)

•   Jean-François Palus (until 24 May 2023)

•   Fiona May

•   Jean-Marc Duplaix (since 24 May 2023)

Sustainability Committee

•   Fiona May (Chair)

•   Héloïse Temple-Boyer

•   Martin Köppel




                                        – II-306 –
APPENDIX II                    FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

DECLARATION BY THE LEGAL REPRESENTATIVES

     We state to the best of our knowledge that the consolidated financial statements give a true
and fair view of the net assets, financial position and results of operations of the Group in
accordance with the applicable accounting principles, and that the Group management report,
which is combined with the Management report of PUMA SE for the financial year 2023,
provides a true and fair view of the course of the development and performance of the business
and the position of the Group, together with a description of the principal risks and opportunities
associated with the expected performance of the Group.

Herzogenaurach, 7 February 2024


The Management Board




Freundt     Hinterseher      Descours       Valdes




                                            – II-307 –
APPENDIX II                   FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

     For the Consolidated Financial Statements and Group Management Report we have
issued an unqualified auditor’s report. The English language text below is a translation of
the auditor’s report. The original German text shall prevail in the event of any
discrepancies between the English translation and the German original. We do not accept
any liability for the use of, or reliance on, the English translation or for any errors or
misunderstandings that may derive from the translation.

To PUMA SE, Herzogenaurach

REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
OF THE COMBINED MANAGEMENT REPORT

OPINIONS

      We have audited the consolidated financial statements of PUMA SE, Herzogenaurach, and
its subsidiaries (the Group), which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as
of December 31, 2023, the consolidated income statement, the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated
statement of cash flows for the financial year from January 1 to December 31, 2023, and notes
to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.
In addition, we have audited the management report of the Company and the Group (combined
management report) of PUMA SE for the financial year from January 1 to December 31, 2023.

     In accordance with German legal requirements, we have not audited the content of those
components of the combined management report specified in the “Other Information” section of
our auditor’s report.

     The combined management report contains cross-references that are not provided for by
law and which are marked as unaudited. In accordance with German legal requirements, we have
not audited the cross-references and the information to which the cross-references refer.

     In our opinion, on the basis of the knowledge obtained in the audit,

     •    the accompanying consolidated financial statements comply, in all material respects,
          with the IFRSs as adopted by the EU, and the additional requirements of German
          commercial law pursuant to Section 315e (1) HGB [Handelsgesetzbuch: German
          Commercial Code] and, in compliance with these requirements, give a true and fair
          view of the assets, liabilities, and financial position of the Group as of December 31,
          2023, and of its financial performance for the financial year from January 1 to
          December 31, 2023, and




                                           – II-308 –
APPENDIX II                    FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

     •    the accompanying combined management report as a whole provides an appropriate
          view of the Group’s position. In all material respects, this combined management
          report is consistent with the consolidated financial statements, complies with German
          legal requirements and appropriately presents the opportunities and risks of future
          development. Our opinion on the combined management report does not cover the
          content of those components of the combined management report specified in the
          “Other Information” section of the auditor’s report. The combined management report
          contains cross-references that are not provided for by law and which are marked as
          unaudited. Our audit opinion does not extend to the cross-references and the
          information to which the cross-references refer.

     Pursuant to Section 322 (3) sentence 1 HGB, we declare that our audit has not led to any
reservations relating to the legal compliance of the consolidated financial statements and of the
combined management report.

BASIS FOR THE OPINIONS

      We conducted our audit of the consolidated financial statements and of the combined
management report in accordance with Section 317 HGB and the EU Audit Regulation No
537/2014 (referred to subsequently as “EU Audit Regulation”) and in compliance with German
Generally Accepted Standards for Financial Statement Audits promulgated by the Institut der
Wirtschaftsprüfer [Institute of Public Auditors in Germany] (IDW). Our responsibilities under
those requirements and principles are further described in the “Auditor’s Responsibilities for the
Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements and of the Combined Management Report”
section of our auditor’s report. We are independent of the group entities in accordance with the
requirements of European law and German commercial and professional law, and we have
fulfilled our other German professional responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.
In addition, in accordance with Article 10 (2)(f) of the EU Audit Regulation, we declare that we
have not provided non-audit services prohibited under Article 5 (1) of the EU Audit Regulation.
We believe that the evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
for our opinions on the consolidated financial statements and on the combined management
report.

KEY AUDIT MATTERS IN THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most
significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements for the financial year from
January 1 to December 31, 2023. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, we do not
provide a separate opinion on these matters.




                                           – II-309 –
APPENDIX II                    FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

REVENUE RECOGNITION CUT-OFF FOR WHOLESALE CUSTOMERS

     For information on the accounting policies applied, please refer to Sections 2 and 19 in the
notes to the consolidated financial statements.

THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT RISK

     The consolidated financial statements of PUMA SE for financial year 2023 report revenue
of EUR8,601.7 million. Revenue includes revenue of EUR6,468.6 million from the sale of goods
to wholesale customers.

      The Group recognizes revenue from the sale of goods to wholesale customers when it
fulfils a performance obligation through the transfer of a promised asset to a customer. An asset
is transferred when (or as) the customer obtains control of that asset. In accordance with the
transfer of control, revenue from wholesale customers is recognized at a point in time in the
amount to which the Group is entitled.

     The Management Board of PUMA SE has defined the criteria for the recognition of revenue
at a point in time in a group-wide accounting policy and implemented processes for correct
recognition and cut-off.

     In the final weeks prior to the reporting date, a range of transactions with wholesale
customers take place with individual contractual agreements on the transfer of risk. In addition,
there are internally defined and externally communicated revenue targets for the financial year,
which represent a key benchmark for measuring corporate success.

     There is the risk for the consolidated financial statements that revenue in the reporting year
is overstated due to it being recognized in the wrong period, meaning that it is not recorded on
an accrual basis.

OUR AUDIT APPROACH

     In order to audit revenue recognition cut-off for wholesale customers, we assessed the
design, setup and effectiveness of the internal controls relating to outgoing goods and the
acceptance of goods and invoicing, in particular the determination and verification of the correct
transfer of control. In addition, we reviewed the presentation of revenue recognition in the
group-wide accounting policy to ensure compliance with IFRS 15.

     Furthermore, we assessed revenue recognition cut-off for wholesale customers by
reconciling invoices with the related orders, underlying contracts and external delivery records.
This was based on revenue recognized at the end of December 2023 and selected using a
mathematical/statistical procedure.




                                            – II-310 –
APPENDIX II                    FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

OUR OBSERVATIONS

     PUMA SE’s approach to revenue recognition cut-off with wholesale customers is
appropriate.

IMPAIRMENT TESTING OF RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS FOR RETAIL STORES

     For information on the accounting policies applied, please refer to Sections 2 and 10 in the
notes to the consolidated financial statements.

THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT RISK

      As of December 31, 2023, right-of-use assets of EUR1,087.7 million are recognized in the
consolidated financial statements of PUMA SE. A significant portion of the right-of-use assets is
attributable to retail stores (EUR464.2 million). Right-of-use assets amount to 16.4% of total
assets and thus have a material influence on the Company’s net assets.

     Owing to the large number of leases and the resulting transactions, the Company has set up
group-wide processes and controls for the measurement of leases.

      Right-of-use assets for retail stores are tested for impairment at the level of the individual
retail stores as cash-generating units. The impairment test compares the carrying amount of the
cash-generating unit with its recoverable amount. The Company determines the recoverable
amount for the retail stores indicating potential impairment by using the discounted cash flow
method. If the carrying amount exceeds the recoverable amount, an impairment loss is
recognized for the right-of-use asset of the cash-generating unit. The recoverable amount is the
higher of an asset’s fair value less costs to sell and its value in use.

      Impairment testing of right-of-use assets for retail stores is complex and based on a range
of assumptions that require judgment. Among others, these include the business and earnings
performance of the retail store for the next year, the assumed growth rates, the applied discount
rate and the use of extension options. The Company recognized impairment losses in the amount
of EUR5.7 million for right-of-use assets for retail stores during the financial year.

     In particular owing to the judgments for measuring right-of-use assets for retail stores,
there is the risk for the consolidated financial statements that an impairment of right-of-use
assets may not be identified.

OUR AUDIT APPROACH

     Using the information obtained during our audit, we assessed whether there were any
indicators of impairment for right-of-use assets for retail stores. In doing so, we thoroughly
examined the Company’s approach to determining the need to recognize impairment losses and,
based on the information obtained in the course of our audit, assessed whether there were any
indications of impairment that had not been identified by the Company.



                                            – II-311 –
APPENDIX II                    FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

     With the involvement of our valuation specialists, for a sample of retail stores selected
based on risk, we then assessed (among other things) the appropriateness of the Company’s
calculation method. For this purpose we discussed the expected business and earnings
development for the retail stores selected in this sample and the assumed growth rates with those
responsible for planning. Where accounting judgments were made for determining the lease
term, we examined these judgments to determine whether the underlying assumptions were
comprehensible in light of the prevailing market conditions and risks in the industry.

      We also assessed the accuracy of the Company’s previous forecasts for the affected
right-of-use assets by comparing the budgets from the previous financial year for the selected
retail stores in the sample with the actual results, and we analyzed any deviations. Further, we
compared the assumptions and data underlying the discount rates with our own assumptions and
publicly available data. We also assessed whether the calculation method for the discount rate
was appropriate.

     We verified the computational accuracy of the carrying amount of the right-of-use assets
determined by PUMA SE for the retail stores included in the sample.

     In order to take forecast uncertainty into account, we examined the impact of potential
changes in the discount rate, earnings performance and long-term growth rates on the value in
use by calculating alternative scenarios for the selected sample and comparing these with the
values stated by the Company (sensitivity analysis).

OUR OBSERVATIONS

     The calculation method used for impairment testing of right-of-use assets for retail stores is
appropriate and in line with the accounting policies to be applied.

      The Company’s assumptions and data used for the measurement of the right-of-use assets
for retail stores are appropriate.

OTHER INFORMATION

     The Management Board and/or the Supervisory Board is responsible for the other
information. The other information comprises the following components of the combined
management report, whose content was not audited:

     •    the Company’s and Group’s separate combined non-financial report, which is referred
          to in the combined management report, and

     •    the combined corporate governance statement for the Company and Group, which is
          included in a separate section of the combined management report, and

     •    information extraneous to combined management reports and marked as unaudited.




                                            – II-312 –
APPENDIX II                    FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

     The other information also includes the annual report, which is expected to be made
available to us after the date of this independent auditor’s report. The other information does not
include the consolidated financial statements, the combined management report information
audited for content and our auditor’s report thereon.

     Our opinions on the consolidated financial statements and on the combined management
report do not cover the other information, and consequently we do not express an opinion or any
other form of assurance conclusion thereon.

     In connection with our audit, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in so
doing, to consider whether the other information

     •    is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements, with the
          combined management report information audited for content or our knowledge
          obtained in the audit, or

     •    otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE MANAGEMENT BOARD AND THE SUPERVISORY
BOARD FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND THE COMBINED
MANAGEMENT REPORT

     The Management Board is responsible for the preparation of consolidated financial
statements that comply, in all material respects, with IFRSs as adopted by the EU and the
additional requirements of German commercial law pursuant to Section 315e (1) HGB and that
the consolidated financial statements, in compliance with these requirements, give a true and fair
view of the assets, liabilities, financial position, and financial performance of the Group. In
addition, the Management Board is responsible for such internal control as it has determined
necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud (i.e., fraudulent financial reporting and
misappropriation of assets) or error.

      In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Management Board is responsible
for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. They also have the
responsibility for disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern. In addition, they
are responsible for financial reporting based on the going concern basis of accounting unless
there is an intention to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or there is no realistic
alternative but to do so.

     Furthermore, the Management Board is responsible for the preparation of the combined
management report that, as a whole, provides an appropriate view of the Group’s position and is,
in all material respects, consistent with the consolidated financial statements, complies with
German legal requirements, and appropriately presents the opportunities and risks of future
development. In addition, the Management Board is responsible for such arrangements and
measures (systems) as they have considered necessary to enable the preparation of a combined



                                            – II-313 –
APPENDIX II                    FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

management report that is in accordance with the applicable German legal requirements, and to
be able to provide sufficient appropriate evidence for the assertions in the combined
management report.

     The Supervisory Board is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting
process for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements and of the combined
management report.

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND OF THE COMBINED MANAGEMENT REPORT

     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and
whether the combined management report as a whole provides an appropriate view of the
Group’s position and, in all material respects, is consistent with the consolidated financial
statements and the knowledge obtained in the audit, complies with the German legal
requirements and appropriately presents the opportunities and risks of future development, as
well as to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinions on the consolidated financial
statements and on the combined management report.

      Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit
conducted in accordance with Section 317 HGB and the EU Audit Regulation and in compliance
with German Generally Accepted Standards for Financial Statement Audits promulgated by the
Institut der Wirtschaftsprüfer (IDW) will always detect a material misstatement. Misstatements
can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate,
they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the
basis of these consolidated financial statements and this combined management report.

     We exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the
audit. We also:

     •    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial
          statements and of the combined management report, whether due to fraud or error,
          design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
          evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinions. The risk
          of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than the risk of
          not detecting a material misstatement resulting from error, as fraud may involve
          collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
          internal controls.

     •    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit of the consolidated
          financial statements and of arrangements and measures (systems) relevant to the audit
          of the combined management report in order to design audit procedures that are
          appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on
          the effectiveness of these systems.



                                            – II-314 –
APPENDIX II                    FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

     •    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used by the Management Board
          and the reasonableness of estimates made by the Management Board and related
          disclosures.

     •    Conclude on the appropriateness of the Management Board’s use of the going concern
          basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material
          uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the
          Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
          uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in the auditor’s report to the
          related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements and in the combined
          management report or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our respective
          opinions. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of
          our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to
          cease to be able to continue as a going concern.

     •    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial
          statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial
          statements present the underlying transactions and events in a manner that the
          consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities,
          financial position and financial performance of the Group in compliance with IFRSs
          as adopted by the EU and the additional requirements of German commercial law
          pursuant to Section 315e (1) HGB.

     •    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the
          entities or business activities within the Group to express opinions on the consolidated
          financial statements and on the combined management report. We are responsible for
          the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely
          responsible for our opinions.

     •    Evaluate the consistency of the combined management report with the consolidated
          financial statements, its conformity with [German] law, and the view of the Group’s
          position it provides.

     •    Perform audit procedures on the prospective information presented by the
          Management Board in the combined management report. On the basis of sufficient
          appropriate audit evidence we evaluate, in particular, the significant assumptions used
          by the Management Board as a basis for the prospective information, and evaluate the
          proper derivation of the prospective information from these assumptions. We do not
          express a separate opinion on the prospective information and on the assumptions used
          as a basis. There is a substantial unavoidable risk that future events will differ
          materially from the prospective information.

     We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the
planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant
deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.



                                            – II-315 –
APPENDIX II                    FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

     We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied
with the relevant independence requirements, and communicate with them all relationships and
other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable,
the actions taken or safeguards applied to eliminate independence threats.

     From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those
matters that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the
current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s
report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter.

OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS

REPORT ON THE ASSURANCE ON THE ELECTRONIC RENDERING OF THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND THE COMBINED MANAGEMENT
REPORT PREPARED FOR PUBLICATION PURPOSES IN ACCORDANCE WITH
SECTION 317 (3A) HGB

     We have performed assurance work in accordance with Section 317 (3a) HGB to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the rendering of the consolidated financial
statements and the combined management report (hereinafter the “ESEF documents”) contained
in      the     electronic     file    “PUMA        KA        2023.zip”      (SHA256-Hashwert:
3d9c82efdcc3657b21661fc4c90debfbfafac65be5b3f152055611b47a544d9b) made available and
prepared for publication purposes complies in all material respects with the requirements of
Section 328 (1) HGB for the electronic reporting format (“ESEF format”). In accordance with
German legal requirements, this assurance work extends only to the conversion of the
information contained in the consolidated financial statements and the combined management
report into the ESEF format and therefore relates neither to the information contained in these
renderings nor to any other information contained in the file identified above.

     In our opinion, the rendering of the consolidated financial statements and the combined
management report contained in the electronic file made available, identified above and prepared
for publication purposes complies in all material respects with the requirements of Section 328
(1) HGB for the electronic reporting format. Beyond this assurance opinion and our audit
opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial statements and the accompanying combined
management report for the financial year from January 1 to December 31, 2023, contained in the
“Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Combined Management
Report” above, we do not express any assurance opinion on the information contained within
these renderings or on the other information contained in the file identified above.

     We conducted our assurance work on the rendering of the consolidated financial statements
and the combined management report contained in the file made available and identified above
in accordance with Section 317 (3a) HGB and the IDW Assurance Standard: Assurance Work on
the Electronic Rendering of Financial Statements and Management Reports Prepared for
Publication Purposes in Accordance with Section 317 (3a) HGB (IDW AsS 410 (06.2022)). Our
responsibility in accordance therewith is further described below. Our audit firm applies the



                                            – II-316 –
APPENDIX II                   FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

IDW Standard on Quality Management 1: Requirements for Quality Management in Audit Firms
(IDW QMS 1) (09.2022).

     Owing to the conversion process selected by the Company concerning the information in
the notes in iXBRL format (block tagging), the consolidated financial statements converted into
the ESEF format are not machine-readable in a fully meaningful respect. There is significant
legal uncertainty regarding the legal conformity of the Management Board’s interpretation that
meaningful machine-readability of the structured information in the notes is not explicitly
required by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/815 for the block tagging of the notes,
which thus also constitutes an inherent uncertainty of our audit.

      The Company’s Management Board is responsible for the preparation of the ESEF
documents including the electronic rendering of the consolidated financial statements and the
combined management report in accordance with Section 328 (1) sentence 4 item 1 HGB and for
the tagging of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with Section 328 (1) sentence
4 item 2 HGB.

     In addition, the Company’s Management Board is responsible for such internal control that
they have considered necessary to enable the preparation of ESEF documents that are free from
material intentional or unintentional non-compliance with the requirements of Section 328 (1)
HGB for the electronic reporting format.

    The Supervisory Board is responsible for overseeing the process of preparing the ESEF
documents as part of the financial reporting process.

     Our objective is to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the ESEF documents are free
from material intentional or unintentional non-compliance with the requirements of Section 328
(1) HGB. We exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout
the assurance work. We also:

     •    Identify and assess the risks of material intentional or unintentional non-compliance
          with the requirements of Section 328 (1) HGB, design and perform assurance
          procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain assurance evidence that is sufficient
          and appropriate to provide a basis for our assurance opinion.

     •    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the assurance on the ESEF
          documents in order to design assurance procedures that are appropriate in the
          circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an assurance opinion on the
          effectiveness of these controls.

     •    Evaluate the technical validity of the ESEF documents, i.e. whether the file made
          available containing the ESEF documents meets the requirements of Commission
          Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/815, as amended as of the reporting date, on the
          technical specification for this electronic file.




                                          – II-317 –
APPENDIX II                   FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

     •    Evaluate whether the ESEF documents provide an XHTML rendering with content
          equivalent to the audited consolidated financial statements and the audited combined
          management report.

     •    Evaluate whether the tagging of the ESEF documents with Inline XBRL technology
          (iXBRL) in accordance with the requirements of Articles 4 and 6 of the Commission
          Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/815, as amended as of the reporting date, enables an
          appropriate and complete machine-readable XBRL copy of the XHTML rendering.

FURTHER INFORMATION             PURSUANT TO ARTICLE              10   OF THE      EU AUDIT
REGULATION

     We were elected as group auditor at the Annual General Meeting on May 24, 2023. We
were engaged by the Supervisory Board on November 21, 2023. We have been the group auditor
of PUMA SE without interruption since financial year 2022.

     We declare that the opinions expressed in this auditor’s report are consistent with the
additional report to the Audit Committee pursuant to Article 11 of the EU Audit Regulation
(long-form audit report).

OTHER MATTER – USE OF THE AUDITOR’S REPORT

      Our auditor’s report must always be read together with the audited consolidated financial
statements and the audited combined management report as well as the examined ESEF
documents. The consolidated financial statements and combined management report converted to
the ESEF format – including the versions to be entered in the German Company Register
[Unternehmensregister] – are merely electronic renderings of the audited consolidated financial
statements and the audited combined management report and do not take their place. In
particular, the ESEF report and our assurance opinion contained therein are to be used solely
together with the examined ESEF documents made available in electronic form.




                                          – II-318 –
APPENDIX II                   FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF TARGET GROUP

GERMAN PUBLIC AUDITOR RESPONSIBLE FOR THE ENGAGEMENT

     The German Public Auditor responsible for the engagement is Matthias Koeplin.


Nuremberg, February 9, 2024

KPMG AG

Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft




Koeplin                                        Behrendt

Wirtschaftsprüfer                              Wirtschaftsprüferin
[German Public Auditor]                        [German Public Auditor]




                                         – II-319 –
APPENDIX III                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                      TARGET GROUP

A.   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF THE TARGET GROUP FOR
     THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025

     The following is an extract of the press release of the Target Group for the year ended 31
December 2025. Specific page/section references mentioned in the audited financial statements
of the Target Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 are referred to in the Target Group’s
combined management report 2025 which is available free of charge, in read-only,
printable        format       on         the       Target         Group’s      website        at
https://about.puma.com/en/investor-relations/financial-publications.

     Key developments FY2025

     •    PUMA outlines new strategic priorities to establish itself as a Top-3 global sports
          brand

     •    Sales decline by 8.1% on a currency-adjusted basis (ca) to €7,296.2 million (-13.1%
          reported) primarily due to strategic reset initiatives

     •    Gross profit margin down 260 basis points to 45.0% due to increased wholesale
          promotions, inventory reserves from distribution clean-up and currency effects

     •    Adjusted EBIT, excluding one-time effects, decreases to €-165.6 million due to the
          decline in sales and lower gross profit margin

     •    Reported EBIT amounts to €-357.2 million, including one-time effects of €191.6
          million

     •    Inventories increase by 2.3% to €2,060.0 million; Inventory clean-up slightly ahead of
          plan and PUMA expects to return to more normalised inventory level by the end of
          2026

     •    PUMA secures additional financing and ends the year with unutilised credit lines of
          €1,202.2 million

     Outlook FY2026

     •    Currency-adjusted sales to decline in the low- to mid-single-digit percentage range

     •    Operating result (EBIT) between €-50 million and €-150 million

     •    Capital expenditures (CAPEX) of around €200 million planned




                                           – III-1 –
APPENDIX III                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                     TARGET GROUP

   Full Year 2025

   Sales

         After sales remained broadly stable in the first half of 2025, they declined notably in
   the second half of the year, primarily reflecting the strategic reset measures initiated in the
   third quarter of 2025. Consequently, sales for the full year 2025 decreased by 8.1% (ca) to
   €7,296.2 million (FY2024: €8,398.0 million), with a decline across all regions and product
   divisions. Currencies, especially the Argentine Peso, U.S. Dollar and Turkish Lira were a
   headwind, resulting in a reported sales decline of 13.1%.

         PUMA’s Wholesale sales fell by 12.8% (ca) to €4,935.0 million (FY2024: €5,972.6
   million), mainly due to weaker sales in the Americas, Asia/Pacific and EMEA regions as a
   result of inventory takebacks and reduced mass merchant exposure. The
   Direct-to-Consumer (DTC) business increased by 3.4% (ca) to €2,361.1 million (FY2024:
   €2,425.4 million), driven by 3.4% (ca) growth in both e-commerce and in owned &
   operated retail stores. This resulted in an increased DTC share of 32.4% (FY2024: 28.9%).

        EMEA sales dropped by 6.9% (ca) to €3,143.2 million (FY2024: €3,475.7 million),
   with declines in Europe partly balanced by growth in EEMEA. In the Asia/Pacific region
   sales decreased by 7.4% (ca) to €1,594.7 million (FY2024: €1,805.5 million) reflecting
   softness in Greater China and rest of Asia/Pacific. The Americas region recorded a sales
   decline of 10.0% (ca) to €2,558.2 million (FY2024: €3,116.8 million) mainly due to a
   weaker performance in North America, while Latin America recorded modest growth.

        Among product divisions, sales in Footwear decreased on a broad base by 7.1% (ca)
   to €4,113.8 million (FY2024: €4,733.6 million). This was partially offset by growth in
   Sportstyle Prime & Select, driven by the Speedcat family and increased demand in
   Running. Apparel decreased by 9.7% (ca) to €2,328.5 million (FY2024: €2,703.7 million)
   mainly due to a decline in Sportstyle and Teamsports, partially offset by growth in
   Training, Basketball and Motorsports. Accessories fell by 8.5% (ca) to €853.9 million
   (FY2024: €960.7 million), mainly due to softness in the Golf category.

   Profitability

         The gross profit margin declined by 260 basis points to 45.0% (FY2024: 47.6%).
   While increased promotions in the wholesale channel, inventory reserves, an unfavourable
   product mix and currency effects were a headwind, this was partially offset by a favourable
   distribution channel mix. In addition, lower sourcing costs including duties were a tailwind,
   fully offsetting the negative impact from U.S. Tariffs.

       The Royalty and commission income increased by 4.4% to €92.4 million (FY2024:
   €88.5 million).




                                           – III-2 –
APPENDIX III                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                    TARGET GROUP

         Operating expenses (OPEX), excluding one-time effects, remained flat at €3,537.7
   million (FY2024: €3,537.7 million). Savings from the cost efficiency program were
   balanced out by increased retail expenses driven by growth in the DTC business,
   particularly e-commerce. Additionally, higher depreciation and amortisation costs resulting
   from investments in DTC and infrastructure, along with approximately €30 million in
   accounts receivable write-offs, contributed to the overall flat costs. Marketing expenses as
   a percentage of sales rose on the back of lower sales. Overall, lower sales led to an
   increase in the adjusted OPEX ratio by 640 basis points to 48.5% (FY2024: 42.1%),
   partially offset by currency tailwinds.

        Adjusted EBIT, excluding one-time effects, decreased to €-165.6 million (FY2024:
   €548.7 million) due to the sales decline and a lower gross profit margin. PUMA incurred
   one-time effects of €191.6 million mainly related to the cost efficiency program and
   goodwill impairments. Costs associated with the cost efficiency program in particular
   comprised personnel expenses, the closure of unprofitable stores and other non-operating
   costs. Consequently, the reported EBIT came in at €-357.2 million (FY2024: €548.7
   million) and the reported EBIT margin was at -4.9% (FY2024: 6.5%).

         The financial result decreased by 11.2% to €-165.7 million (FY2024: €-149.0
   million), mainly as a result of unfavourable currency movements and a lower interest
   result. Despite lower earnings before taxes compared to the previous year period, income
   taxes came in at €-120.7 million (FY2024: €-119.0 million). This was primarily
   attributable to deferred tax assets write-offs in the U.S. and China.

        Loss from continuing operations came in at €-643.6 million (FY2024: profit from
   continuing operations of €280.7 million) and earnings per share from continuing
   operations amounted to €-4.37 (FY2024: €1.88).

   Balance Sheet

         Working capital increased by 20.2% to €1,536.6 million (31 December 2024:
   €1,278.2 million). Inventories rose by 2.3% reported and 10.7% currency-adjusted to
   €2,060.0 million (31 December 2024: €2,013.7 million) partly driven by inventory
   takebacks from wholesale partners to clean up distribution. This was counterbalanced by a
   deliberate decrease in purchase volume, adopted as a strategy to moderate inventory
   expansion and prevent excess supply. As part of its reset actions to clean up distribution,
   PUMA has largely completed inventory takebacks in Q4 and will continue to drive product
   clearance through own factory outlets and wholesale partners, using targeted promotions.
   Trade receivables decreased by 26.7% to €913.4 million (31 December 2024: €1,246.5
   million), mainly due to a significant sales decrease in the fourth quarter. Trade payables
   decreased by 32.9% to €1,271.4 million (31 December 2024: €1,893.5 million), mainly
   reflecting reduced purchasing volume in the fourth quarter.




                                          – III-3 –
APPENDIX III                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                     TARGET GROUP

   Cash Flow and Liquidity Situation

         Free cash flow came in at €-530.3 million, significantly down compared to the prior
   year (FY2024: €464.3 million), mainly due to negative earnings before taxes as well as an
   increase in net working capital. CAPEX amounted to €206.3 million (FY2024: €263.0
   million). The investments focused on PUMA’s logistics and digital infrastructure, DTC
   channels and key initiatives to strengthen PUMA’s long-term competitiveness. On 31
   December 2025, PUMA had cash and cash equivalents of €290.0 million, a decrease of
   21.2% compared to last year (31 December 2024: €368.2 million). In addition, the PUMA
   Group had available credit lines of €2,562.8 million (31 December 2024: €1,842.9
   million). Credit lines rose by €719.9 million compared the previous year-end mainly due to
   the completion of a €500.0 million bridge loan and two promissory note transactions with
   an aggregate volume of €275.0 million. In January 2025, the last tranche of €70.0 million
   from the second promissory note was repaid upon reaching its final maturity. Unutilised
   credit lines were at €1,202.2 million on the balance sheet date compared to €1,360.2
   million at the end of 2024. Net debt of €1,063.5 million at the end of FY2025 was
   significantly above the prior year level of €119.8 million, mainly driven by increased bank
   liabilities to support the operating business and finance working capital. For more
   information on financing, please refer to the section “Subsequent events”.

   Proposal to pay no Dividend for the Financial Year 2025

       As a result of the negative net income of the PUMA Group in 2025, the Management
   Board and Supervisory Board of PUMA SE will propose to the Annual General Meeting on
   19 May 2026 that no dividend should be distributed for the financial year 2025 (FY2024:
   €0.61).

   FY2026 Outlook Reflects Transition Year for PUMA

        Following a pivotal reset in 2025, during which PUMA implemented decisive
   measures to tackle brand challenges, restore inventory balance, and lay the groundwork for
   a stronger, more focused future, 2026 is set to be a year of transition for the company.
   Throughout 2026, PUMA will continue its efforts to streamline distribution and further
   reduce inventory levels. The reduction in inventory is targeted to be achieved through
   disciplined management of purchasing volumes and targeted product clearance initiatives.
   Cost efficiency measures initiated in the previous year will remain in effect. These include
   the continued organisational redesign, further simplification of the product portfolio and the
   completion of the reduction of approximately 1,400 corporate roles since the beginning of
   2025.

        During this transitional period, PUMA’s key priorities are to prepare the organisation
   for sustainable success, safeguard financial stability and position the company for a return
   to healthy, above-industry growth from 2027 onwards. The brand and product strategy for
   2026 will centre on PUMA’s focus areas: Football, with a prominent presence at the 2026



                                           – III-4 –
APPENDIX III                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                    TARGET GROUP

   World Cup™; Running, driven by the NITRO™ platform; Training, underpinned by
   PUMA’s exclusive partnership with HYROX; and Sportstyle Prime & Select, where the
   company aims to strengthen its portfolio by leveraging its heritage and enhancing
   storytelling.

        PUMA expects ongoing geopolitical and macroeconomic uncertainties in 2026. The
   anticipated currency-adjusted sales decline in the low- to mid-single-digit percentage
   range is mainly attributable to lower sales in North America, reflecting measures to
   streamline distribution, while sales growth in Latin America and Middle East, Africa &
   India can only partially compensate for this.

         The company projects an operating result (EBIT) between €-50 and €-150 million,
   including one-time effects related to the implemented cost efficiency program. Capital
   expenditures (CAPEX) are projected at around €200 million in 2026, focusing on
   digital infrastructure, DTC channels, and key initiatives to strengthen PUMA’s long-term
   competitiveness. While 2025 served as a year of strategic reset and 2026 represents a
   period of transition, PUMA is confident that the measures implemented thus far and those
   planned for the near future, are critical to re-establishing growth from 2027 onwards. These
   actions are expected to generate healthy profits and support the company’s ambition to
   become one of the top three sports brands globally in the medium term.

   Basis of Preparation/Important Notice

        As announced on 11 November 2025, PUMA moved from a business partnership to a
   licensing agreement structure with its long-term partner United Legwear. This change took
   effect on 1 November 2025. As a result, PUMA United is classified as a discontinued
   operation in PUMA’s financial reporting from November 2025 onwards. Accordingly, 2024
   and 2025 P&L figures used in this press release were restated.

   Subsequent Events

        ANTA Announcement: On 27 January 2026, the Chinese sporting goods group Anta
   Sports announced it had entered a share purchase agreement with Artémis S.A.S. to acquire
   a 29.06% stake in PUMA. The transaction is subject to conditions precedent. PUMA
   released a statement of its CEO Arthur Hoeld on the same day in response to this
   announcement. The full statement can be found in the News section of the PUMA website:
   https://about.puma.com/en/en/newsroom/corporate-news/news.

        Additional Private Placement and Syndication: On 26 January 2026, PUMA
   completed a promissory note loan transaction of €100.0 million, which was disbursed on
   29 January 2026. The promissory note loan has a term of two years with a standard market
   fixed interest rate. Through this additional private placement, the bridge financing
   originally agreed on 15 December 2025, of €500.0 million could be reduced to €350.0
   million and was fully syndicated through PUMA’s core banking partners on 20 February



                                          – III-5 –
APPENDIX III                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                        TARGET GROUP

   2026. The bridge financing of €350.0 million and the promissory note loan of €100.0
   million will continue to be used to reduce the drawdowns from the existing syndicated
   loan.

   Sales FY2025

                                                                                                   Currency-
                                                                                                    adjusted
                                                                                     Change          change
   in € million                               12M 2025          12M 2024*              in %            in %

   Group Sales                                    7,296.2          8,398.0           -13.1%             -8.1%
   Sales by regions
   EMEA                                           3,143.2          3,475.7            -9.6%             -6.9%
   Americas                                       2,558.2          3,116.8           -17.9%            -10.0%
   Asia/Pacific                                   1,594.7          1,805.5           -11.7%             -7.4%

   Sales by product divisions
   Footwear                                       4,113.8          4,733.6           -13.1%             -7.1%
   Apparel                                        2,328.5          2,703.7           -13.9%             -9.7%
   Accessories                                      853.9            960.7           -11.1%             -8.5%

   Sales by distribution channel
   Wholesale                                      4,935.0          5,927.6           -17.4%            -12.8%
   Direct-to-Consumer                             2,361.1          2,425.4            -2.6%             +3.4%

   *    Prior-year figures adjusted in connection with the discontinued operation, see Notes to the Consolidated
        Financial Statements, section 24.




                                                – III-6 –
APPENDIX III                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                     TARGET GROUP

   Income Statement FY2025

   in € million                                 12M 2025        12M 2024*   Change in %

   Sales                                              7,296.2     8,398.0        -13.1%
   Cost of sales                                     -4,016.5    -4,400.2         -8.7%


   Gross profit                                      3,279.7      3,997.8        -18.0%
   – in % of sales                                    45.0%        47.6%         -2.6 pp
   Royalty and commission income                        92.4         88.5          4.4%
   Other operating income and expenses
     (adjusted)**                                    -3,537.7    -3,537.7          0.0%


   Adjusted operating result
     (adjusted EBIT)                                  -165.6       548.7        -130.2%
   – in % of sales                                     -2.3%       6.5%          -8.8 pp
   One-time effects                                   -191.6         0.0               –


   Operating result (EBIT)                            -357.2        548.7       -165.1%
   – in % of sales                                     -4.9%        6.5%        -11.4 pp
   Financial result                                   -165.7       -149.0        -11.2%


   Earnings before taxes (EBT)                         -522.9       399.7       -230.8%
   – in % of sales                                      -7.2%       4.8%        -11.9 pp
   Taxes on income                                     -120.7      -119.0         -1.4%
   – Tax rate                                         -23.1%       29.8%               –


   Loss/profit from continuing
     operations                                       -643.6       280.7        -329.3%


   Profit from discontinued
     operations, after tax                              28.4        61.7         -54.0%


   Net income attributable to
    non-controlling interests                           -30.3       -60.7        -50.1%


   Net loss/income                                    -645.5       281.6        -329.2%
   – in % of sales                                     -8.8%       3.4%         -12.2 pp




                                         – III-7 –
APPENDIX III                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                         TARGET GROUP

   in € million                                         12M 2025              12M 2024*        Change in %

   Weighted average shares outstanding
    (million shares)                                        147.41                149.32                 -1.3%
   Weighted average shares outstanding
    – diluted (million shares)                              147.53                149.38                 -1.2%


   Earnings per share
   Earnings per share ( € )                                   -4.38                  1.89             -331.4%
   Earnings per share, diluted ( € )                          -4.38                  1.89             -331.3%


   Earnings per share – continuing
     operations
   Earnings per share from continuing
     operations ( € )                                         -4.37                  1.88             -332.2%
   Earnings per share from continuing
     operations, diluted ( € )                                -4.37                  1.88             -332.1%


   *    Prior-year figures adjusted in connection with the discontinued operation, see Notes to the Consolidated
        Financial Statements, section 24.

   **   Adjusted for one-time effects


        Rounding differences may be observed in the percentage and numerical values
   expressed in millions of Euro since the underlying calculations are always based on
   thousands of Euro.




                                                – III-8 –
APPENDIX III                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                          TARGET GROUP

    Balance Sheet

    in € million                               31/12/2025      31/12/2024   Change in %

    ASSETS
    Cash and cash equivalents                          290.0        368.2        -21.2%
    Inventories*                                     2,060.0      2,013.7          2.3%
    Trade receivables*                                 913.4      1,246.5        -26.7%
    Other current assets*                              456.1        516.8        -11.7%
    Other current assets                                50.8        160.0        -68.2%


    Current assets                                   3,770.3      4,305.2        -12.4%


    Deferred tax assets                                211.0        243.6        -13.4%
    Right-of-use assets                              1,103.8      1,116.8         -1.2%
    Other non-current assets                         1,369.5      1,475.0         -7.1%


    Non-current assets                               2,684.3      2,835.4         -5.3%


    Total Assets                                     6,454.6      7,140.6         -9.6%


    LIABILITIES AND EQUITY
    Current borrowings                                 929.3        131.6        606.2%
    Trade payables*                                  1,271.4      1,893.5        -32.9%
    Other current liabilities*                         621.5        605.3          2.7%
    Current lease liabilities                          217.6        220.6         -1.4%
    Other current liabilities                          156.9         19.9        688.1%


    Current liabilities                              3,196.8      2,870.9         11.4%




*   included in working capital



                                         – III-9 –
APPENDIX III                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                     TARGET GROUP

   in € million                            31/12/2025       31/12/2024   Change in %

   Non-current borrowings                           424.2        356.4          19.0%
   Deferred tax liabilities                           5.2         14.2         -63.6%
   Pension provisions                                25.6         27.3          -6.2%
   Non-current lease liabilities                  1,011.2      1,010.0           0.1%
   Other non-current liabilities                     30.7         33.3          -7.6%


   Non-current liabilities                        1,496.9      1,441.2           3.9%


   Equity                                         1,760.9      2,828.6         -37.7%


   Total Liabilities and Equity                   6,454.6      7,140.6          -9.6%


        Rounding differences may be observed in the percentage and numerical values
   expressed in millions of Euro since the underlying calculations are always based on
   thousands of Euro.




                                     – III-10 –
APPENDIX III                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                     TARGET GROUP

   Cash Flow Statement

   € million                                                  1–12/2025   1–12/2024

   Earnings before taxes (EBT)                                   -493.3       462.3
   Financial result and non-cash effected expenses and
     income                                                       701.7       415.9


   Gross cash flow                                                208.4       878.2


   Change in current assets, net                                 -429.2       -69.4
   Dividends received and payments for taxes on income            -98.4      -113.7


   Net cash used in/from operating activities                    -319.3       694.8


   Payments for investing in fixed assets                        -206.3      -263.0
   Other investing and divestment activities incl. interest
     received                                                      -4.7        32.4


   Net cash used in investing activities                         -211.0      -230.5


   Free cash flow                                                -530.3       464.3


   Free cash flow (before acquisitions)                          -530.3       464.3


   Dividends paid to shareholders of PUMA SE                      -89.8      -122.8
   Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                    -15.8       -89.4
   Proceeds from borrowings                                     1,005.8        39.0
   Cash repayments of borrowings                                  -76.2      -125.0
   Repayments of lease liabilities                               -247.8      -222.5
   Repurchase of treasury shares                                  -59.7       -50.0
   Payments of interest                                          -119.7      -127.2


   Net cash from/used in financing activities                     396.9      -697.8




                                           – III-11 –
APPENDIX III                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                    TARGET GROUP

   € million                                                1–12/2025       1–12/2024

   Exchange rate-related changes in cash and cash
     equivalents                                                 55.2             48.8

   Changes in cash and cash equivalents                          -78.2          -184.7
   Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the
     financial year                                             368.2            552.9


   Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the
    financial year                                              290.0            368.2


        Rounding differences may be observed in the percentage and numerical values
   expressed in millions of Euro since the underlying calculations are always based on
   thousands of Euro.




                                        – III-12 –
APPENDIX III                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                      TARGET GROUP

B.   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF THE TARGET GROUP FOR
     THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024

     The following is an extract of the press release of the Target Group for the year ended 31
December 2024. Specific page/section references mentioned in the audited financial statements
of the Target Group for the year ended 31 December 2024 are referred to in the Target Group’s
combined management report 2024 which is available free of charge, in read-only,
printable        format       on         the       Target         Group’s      website        at
https://about.puma.com/en/investor-relations/financial-publications.

     Key developments FY2024

     •    Currency-adjusted sales increase by 4.4% to €8,817 million (+2.5% reported)

     •    Growth recorded across all regions, product divisions and distribution channels

     •    Gross profit margin up by 100 basis points to 47.4% despite currency headwinds

     •    Operating expenses (OPEX) increase by 5.2% to €3,580 million

     •    Operating result (EBIT) remains flat at €622 million with an EBIT margin of 7.1%

     •    Net income declines by 7.6% to €282 million, mainly driven by higher net interest
          expenses and non-controlling interests

     •    Inventories increase by 11.6% to €2,014 million to adequate levels, driven by a strong
          increase in goods in transit to serve the new product cycle in 2025

     •    Free cash flow increases by 25.8% to €464 million

     •    Proposed dividend of €0.61 per share and 2024 share buyback of €50 million will
          result in total payout of 50% of net income




                                           – III-13 –
APPENDIX III                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                    TARGET GROUP

   Full Year 2024

                                                                                    Currency-
                                                                                     adjusted
                                                                        Change        change
   in € million                         12M 2024       12M 2023           in %          in %

   Group Sales                             8,817.2        8,601.7        +2.5%          +4.4%
   Sales by regions
   EMEA                                    3,475.7        3,418.4        +1.7%          +2.1%
   Americas                                3,536.0        3,389.9        +4.3%          +7.0%
   Asia/Pacific                            1,805.5        1,793.4        +0.7%          +3.8%

   Sales by product divisions
   Footwear                                4,733.6        4,583.4        +3.3%          +5.4%
   Apparel                                 2,813.9        2,763.0        +1.8%          +3.7%
   Accessories                             1,269.7        1,255.3        +1.1%          +2.0%

   Sales by distribution channel
   Wholesale                               6,391.8        6,468.7        -1.2%          +0.4%
   Direct-to-Consumer                      2,425.4        2,133.0       +13.7%         +16.6%

        Sales increased by 4.4% (ca) to €8,817.2 million, supported by growth in all regions,
   product divisions and distribution channels (+2.5% reported). As anticipated, currencies
   were a major headwind in 2024, negatively impacting sales in euro terms by approximately
   €150 million.

        The Americas region recorded the highest growth with sales increasing by 7.0% (ca)
   to €3,536.0 million, driven by both Latin America and North America. This was followed
   by the Asia/Pacific region, which recorded a sales increase of 3.8% (ca) to €1805.5
   million. All major markets within Asia/Pacific, including Greater China, Japan, and India,
   contributed to this growth. The EMEA region also saw a sales increase of 2.1% (ca),
   reaching €3,475.7 million, driven by Europe and EEMEA.

        PUMA’s Wholesale business grew by 0.4% (ca) to €6,391.8 million due to a strong
   focus on sell-through in the first half of 2024, setting up for better sell-in in the second
   half of 2024. The Direct-to-Consumer (DTC) business increased by 16.6% (ca) to
   €2,425.4 million, driven by brand demand and the opening of new stores. Owned &
   operated retail stores sales grew 14.2% (ca), while e-commerce increased 21.1% (ca). This
   resulted in a DTC share of 27.5% (FY2023: 24.8%).




                                         – III-14 –
APPENDIX III               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                   TARGET GROUP

        Sales in Footwear increased by 5.4% (ca) to €4,733.6 million. This was driven by
   growth in the Sportstyle Core and Kids business as well as Performance categories, mainly
   Running and Teamsport. Meanwhile, Sportstyle Prime remained in transition throughout
   2024.

       Apparel grew by 3.7% (ca) to €2,813.9 million, led by the Teamsport business, while
   Accessories increased by 2.0% (ca) to €1269.7 million.

        The gross profit margin increased by 100 basis points to 47.4% (FY2023: 46.3%).
   Headwinds from currencies and promotional activities were more than offset by a
   favourable product and distribution channel mix as well as tailwinds from sourcing and
   freight.

        Operating expenses (OPEX) increased by 5.2% to €3,580.2 million (FY2023:
   €3,403.5 million), mainly due to growth in our DTC business and investments in
   warehouse and digital infrastructure. Consequently, the OPEX ratio increased by 100 basis
   points to 40.6% (FY2023: 39.6%).

        The operating result (EBIT) came in at €622.0 million which is at last year’s level
   (FY2023: €621.6 million). This resulted in an EBIT margin of 7.1% (FY2023: 7.2%), as
   gross profit margin improvements were offset by increased OPEX.

        The financial result decreased by 11.4% to €-159.7 million (FY2023: €-143.3
   million) mainly due to an increase in net interest expenses and higher currency related
   losses. Tax expenses increased by 1.9% to €120.0 million (FY2023: €117.8 million) and
   the tax rate was at 25.9% (FY2022: 24.6%). Net income attributable to non-controlling
   interests increased to €60.7 million (FY2023: €55.7 million) as a result of improved
   profits in the socks and bodywear business in the U.S.

        Consequently, net income decreased by 7.6% to €281.6 million (FY2023: €304.9
   million) and earnings per share amounted to €1.89 (FY2023: €2.03).

   Working Capital

        The working capital increased by 8.6% to €1,278.2 million (31 December 2023:
   €1,177.3 million). Inventories increased by 11.6% to €2,013.7 million (31 December
   2023: €1,804.4 million), driven by a strong increase in goods in transit to serve the new
   product cycle in 2025. The Group’s total inventory remains at adequate levels, while
   quality has further improved. Trade receivables increased by 11.5% to €1,246.5 million
   (31 December 2023: €1,118.4 million). Trade payables increased by 26.2% to €1,893.5
   million (31 December 2023: €1,499.8 million) due to an increase in goods in transit and a
   lower comparison base in the prior year.




                                        – III-15 –
APPENDIX III                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                    TARGET GROUP

   Cash Flow and Liquidity Situation

        The free cash flow increased by 25.8% to €464.3 million in 2024 (FY2023: €369.0
   million). On 31 December 2024, PUMA had cash and cash equivalents of €368.2 million,
   a decrease of 33.4% compared to 2023 (31 December 2023: €552.9 million). Net
   borrowings on 31 December 2024 were €119.8 million, up €100.7 million from €19.1
   million on 31 December 2023. This increase is mainly driven by share buybacks, higher
   lease liability payments, and interest expenses partially offset by the improved free cash
   flow. In addition, the PUMA Group had credit lines totalling €1,842.9 million as of 31
   December 2024 (31 December 2023: €1,552.8 million). Credit lines rose by €290.1 million
   due to an extended revolving credit facility until December 2029, which increased from
   €800 million to €1,200 million. Unutilised credit lines were at €1,360.2 million on the
   balance sheet date compared to €986.1 million at the end of 2023.

   Capital Expenditure

        Investments in fixed assets decreased to €263.0 million (FY2023: €300.4 million),
   driven by an increased focus to optimise the return on capital employed. In 2024,
   investments focused on owned & operated retail stores, warehouse and digital infrastructure
   to enable future growth.

   Share Buyback & Dividend

        Upon approval of the proposed dividend by the Annual General Meeting and in line
   with its policy, PUMA will have returned in total 50% of the net income to its shareholders
   through dividends and share buybacks in the financial year 2024.

        The share buyback programme announced by PUMA SE on 29 February 2024 began
   on 6 March 2024. As of 31 December 2024, a total of 1,128,961 shares were repurchased
   for €50 million at an average price of €44.29 per share, representing 0.75% of the
   subscribed capital and 17.8% of the Group’s net income in the financial year 2024. In total,
   under the current programme, PUMA plans to buy back own shares for up to €100 million
   between 6 March 2024 and 6 May 2025.

        The net income of €281.6 million in the financial year 2024 and the execution of €50
   million from the share buyback programme, enables the Management Board and the
   Supervisory Board of PUMA SE to propose to the Annual General Meeting on 21 May
   2025 the distribution of a dividend of €0.61 per share for the financial year 2024 (FY2023:
   €0.82). This corresponds to a dividend payout ratio of 32.2% (FY2023: 40.3%) of the
   Group’s net income and is in line with the dividend policy payout ratio of 25%–40%. The
   payment of the dividend is scheduled for the days following the Annual General Meeting
   when the dividend will be approved.




                                         – III-16 –
APPENDIX III                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                     TARGET GROUP

   Strategy Update

        As we continue to operate in a challenging and volatile environment, which is
   expected to weigh on consumer sentiment and demand in key markets, we will fully focus
   on our controllables. This includes executing our brand elevation strategy to create the
   foundation for sustainable and accelerated growth, further improving our distribution
   quality, and taking decisive actions with our next level programme to address our cost
   basis. With our high organizational agility, we feel well prepared to manage the increased
   volatility of the market, react quickly to changing conditions, and find the best solutions to
   serve our retail partners, consumers, and brand ambassadors.

   Brand and Product

        In 2024, the Year of Sport with major events, including the Olympic Games and Euro
   2024, we made good progress with our brand elevation strategy. This strategy is our basis
   to achieve long-term, sustainable growth and to grow faster than the market.

        PUMA’s brand elevation strategy consists of three elements: establishing a distinctive
   brand DNA, strengthening PUMA’s performance credibility, and strengthening our
   relevance in the Sportstyle Prime business.

   Establishing a distinctive brand DNA

   •    PUMA’s first brand campaign in 10 years’ time “See the Game Like We Do”
        establishes a strong connection with consumers, creates great brand visibility and
        improves brand awareness and consideration

   •    Unaided Brand Awareness increased globally since campaign launch in April –
        particularly in USA

   •    PUMA will further increase its media spend in its upcoming brand campaign which
        will feature the sharpened brand DNA in 2025

   Strengthening our Performance Credibility through Innovation

   Teamsport

   •    Eighth edition of the FUTURE football boot, made for creative players, offers new
        FUZIONFIT upper for an adaptive fit and a new FLEXGILITY outsole to enable
        enhanced rotation and flexibility in all directions

   •    Fifth edition of the ULTRA, made for the fastest football players, features a
        cutting-edge innovation with a full carbon fibre outsole inspired by the world of
        Formula 1



                                          – III-17 –
APPENDIX III                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                     TARGET GROUP

   •      PUMA signs long-term agreement with the Portuguese Football Federation (FPF), one
          of the world’s most popular national teams

   Running & Training

   •      PUMA is back on the podium of World Marathon Majors with its Deviate
          NITRO™-Elite 3 and Fast-R2, featuring PUMA’s award-winning NITRO™ foam

   •      PUMA presents new innovation with MagMax, featuring 46mm stack of NITRO™
          foam, designed for runners who look for unrivalled underfoot comfort

   •      Paris Olympics 2024 were the most successful in PUMA’s history with PUMA athletes
          winning 66 medals, including 19 Gold in Olympics and Paralympics, all of them
          wearing PUMA NITRO™ – Technology

   •      Yaroslava Mahuchikh and Armand “Mondo” Duplantis crowned 2024 European
          Athletes of the Year

   •      PUMA announces worldwide partnership with HYROX, the world series of fitness
          racing to tackle its opportunities in the training category

   Basketball

   •      Fourth edition of LaMelo Ball’s innovative signature shoe MB.04 continues to be a
          bestseller with the next generation of consumers

   •      PUMA signs NBA All Star Tyrese Haliburton, who is well recognized for his style of
          play and fashion by many fans in the U.S. and China

   •      Visionary designer Salehe Bembury joins PUMA to design next signature basketball
          shoe

   Motorsport

   •      PUMA announces long-term strategic partnership with F1 Scuderia Ferrari HP Team
          and signs endorsement deal with driver Charles Leclerc as global brand ambassador

   •      PUMA joins Aston Martin Aramco Formula One ® Team as official sportswear,
          athleisure, and technical gear partner

   Golf

   •      PUMA reimagines the golf cleat with the Flexspike technology featured in the new
          PHANTOMCAT NITRO™ shoe to offer better grip and weight distribution



                                         – III-18 –
APPENDIX III                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                    TARGET GROUP

   •    LIMIT3D, the first commercially available set of innovative 3D-printed irons,
        becomes a sell-out success

   •    Tour wins for ambassadors Angel Hidalgo, Ewen Ferguson, Jesper Svensson und
        Chiara Tamburlini

   Strengthening our Relevance in Sportstyle Prime

   •    PUMA scaled models Palermo and Suede XL to maximize opportunities from the
        prevalent terrace and skate trends

   •    PUMA successfully establishes heat around low-profile trend and particularly the
        Speedcat with Lyst Index ranking the shoe as top 3 of “hottest products” in global
        fashion in third quarter

   •    Development of sell through and demand for Speedcat has continued to build up
        month over month

   •    Renowned K-Pop artist Rosé joins PUMA as global brand ambassador to support
        classic franchises, including the Palermo and Speedcat, first collaboration with PUMA
        creates large social media stir in China

   •    Collaboration with music artist and designer A$AP Rocky named “Collaboration of the
        Year” by Footwear News

   •    PUMA hosted catwalk at New York Fashion Week to celebrate the return of the
        incomparable Mostro sneaker

   •    NBA-Star LaMelo Ball’s first lifestyle shoe LaFrancé resonates strongly with
        consumers

   •    PUMA opens creative hub Studio 48 in Los Angeles to create concepts for new
        products and campaigns with clear focus on US

   Distribution

         In line with our brand elevation strategy, we aim to continuously enhance our
   distribution quality, both in wholesale and our own & operated retail.

         We remain committed to providing the best service to our retail partners in the
   industry. We are pleased with the progress made in 2024, gaining market shares with our
   retail partners at the sharp end of performance and sportstyle. Winning with these strategic
   accounts is crucial for building our performance credibility and brand heat. With a clear
   go-to-market and segmentation strategy, we offer all retail partners the best service and



                                         – III-19 –
APPENDIX III                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                    TARGET GROUP

   collaborate closely with them on product strategies to excite consumers with newness and
   compelling product stories.

        In our own and operated retail, we also focus on elevating the brand. Our new flagship
   stores, such as the one in Las Vegas, allow us to showcase our brand fully and build further
   brand preference with our consumers. Additionally, we are investing in our e-commerce
   business, as it is an integral part of the consumer journey. Our outlet business provides an
   entry point to our brand for consumers and helps keep the market clean of excess
   inventories

   “Nextlevel” Efficiency Programme

        In February 2025, PUMA initiated the efficiency programme “nextlevel” to
   complement its brand elevation strategy in order to translate its growth into incremental
   profitability with the aim to achieve an EBIT margin of 8.5% by 2027.

        “Nextlevel” focuses on three areas:

        •    Gross Margin: Improve its Gross Profit Margin by reducing the product
             complexity and realizing further sourcing efficiencies

        •    OPEX: Optimize cost base, including personnel expenses, through indirect
             procurement improvements and better resource allocation in line with our
             strategic growth areas to generate operational leverage

        •    Free Cash Flow: Improve our working capital and our capital allocation toward
             strategic investments that drive growth

        The programme will further strengthen PUMA’s competitiveness as part of the
   freed-up resources will also be reinvested into the brand and product.

   Sustainability

   •    ‘Vision 2030’ sustainability goals outline PUMA’s strategy in Climate, Circularity and
        Human Rights and build on strong progress already made in the past years

   •    PUMA’s ongoing progress as leader in the field of sustainability is recognized by
        many prestigious awards, among others from from CDP, Material Change Index, and
        Financial Times for Good Index

   •    PUMA’s recycling Innovation RE:FIBRE successfully scaled up to make millions of
        replica football jerseys




                                         – III-20 –
APPENDIX III              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                  TARGET GROUP

   People

   •   PUMA becomes only company worldwide to be named Top Employer in 50 different
       countries and globally in 2025

   •   PUMA independently certified as having no adjusted pay gap between men and
       women in several locations, including Canada, Germany, France, Italy, Spain, South
       Africa, Sweden the United States and the Middle East




                                      – III-21 –
APPENDIX III                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                     TARGET GROUP

   Income Statement FY2024

   in € million                                 12M 2024       12M 2023    Change in %

   Sales                                           8,817.2       8,601.7          2.5%
   Cost of sales                                  -4,639.2      -4,615.1          0.5%


   Gross profit                                    4,177.9       3,986.6         4.8%
   – in % of sales                                  47.4%         46.3%        +1.0 pp
   Royalty and commission income                      24.3          38.5       -37.1%
   Other operating income and expenses            -3,580.2      -3,403.5         5.2%


   Operating result (EBIT)                             622.0       621.6          0.1%
   – in % of sales                                     7.1%        7.2%         -0.2 pp
   Financial result                                   -159.7      -143.3         11.4%


   Earnings before taxes (EBT)                         462.3       478.3         -3.3%
   – in % of sales                                     5.2%        5.6%         -0.3 pp
   Taxes on income                                    -120.0      -117.8          1.9%
   – Tax rate                                         25.9%       24.6%         -1.3 pp
   Net income attributable to
     non-controlling interests                         -60.7       -55.7          9.0%


   Net income                                          281.6      304.9          -7.6%
   – in % of sales                                     3.2%       3.5%          -0.3 pp


   Earnings per share ( € )                             1.89       2.03          -6.9%
   Earnings per share ( € ) – diluted                   1.89       2.03          -6.9%


   Weighted average shares outstanding
    (million shares)                                  149.32     149.85          -0.4%
   Weighted average shares outstanding
    – diluted (million shares)                        149.38     149.87          -0.3%


        Rounding differences may be observed in the percentage and numerical values
   expressed in millions of Euro since the underlying calculations are always based on
   thousands of Euro.




                                         – III-22 –
APPENDIX III                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                          TARGET GROUP

    Balance Sheet

    in € million                               31/12/2024       31/12/2023   Change in %

    ASSETS
    Cash and cash equivalents                           368.2        552.9        -33.4%
    Inventories*                                      2,013.7      1,804.4         11.6%
    Trade receivables*                                1,246.5      1,118.4         11.5%
    Other current assets*                               516.8        385.6         34.0%
    Other current assets                                160.0         69.8        129.3%

    Current assets                                    4,305.2      3,931.1          9.5%


    Deferred tax assets                                 243.6        296.1        -17.7%
    Right-of-use assets                               1,116.8      1,087.7          2.7%
    Other non-current assets                          1,475.0      1,325.6         11.3%


    Non-current assets                                2,835.4      2,709.3          4.7%


    Total Assets                                      7,140.6      6,640.4          7.5%


    LIABILITIES AND EQUITY
    Current borrowings                                  131.6        145.9         -9.8%
    Trade payables*                                   1,893.5      1,499.8         26.2%
    Other current liabilities*                          605.3        631.3         -4.1%
    Current lease liabilities                           220.6        212.4          3.9%
    Other current liabilities                            19.9         47.7        -58.3%


    Current liabilities                               2,870.9      2,537.2         13.2%




*   Included in working capital



                                         – III-23 –
APPENDIX III                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                     TARGET GROUP

   in € million                            31/12/2024       31/12/2023   Change in %

   Non-current borrowings                           356.4        426.1         -16.4%
   Deferred tax liabilities                          14.2         12.4          14.4%
   Pension provisions                                27.3         22.5          21.3%
   Non-current lease liabilities                  1,010.0      1,020.0          -1.0%
   Other non-current liabilities                     33.3         40.0         -16.9%


   Non-current liabilities                        1,441.0      1,520.9          -5.3%


   Equity                                         2,828.6      2,582.3           9.5%


   Total Liabilities and Equity                   7,140.6      6,640.4           7.5%


        Rounding differences may be observed in the percentage and numerical values
   expressed in millions of Euro since the underlying calculations are always based on
   thousands of Euro.




                                     – III-24 –
APPENDIX III                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                     TARGET GROUP

   Cash Flow Statement

   in € million                                               1–12/2024   1–12/2023

   Earnings before taxes (EBT)                                    462.3       478.3
   Financial result and non-cash effected expenses and
     income                                                       415.9       485.7


   Gross cash flow                                                878.2       964.1


   Change in current assets, net                                  -69.4      -129.2
   Payments for taxes on income                                  -114.1      -181.3


   Net cash from operating activities                             694.8       653.6


   Payments for investing in fixed assets                        -263.0      -300.4
   Other investing and divestment activities incl. interest
     received                                                      32.4        15.8


   Net cash used in investing activities                         -230.5      -284.6


   Free cash flow                                                 464.3       369.0


   Free cash flow (before acquisitions)                           464.3       369.0


   Dividends paid to shareholders of PUMA SE                     -122.8      -122.8
   Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                    -89.4       -92.4
   Proceeds from borrowings                                        39.0       299.6
   Cash repayments of borrowings                                 -125.0       -59.1
   Repayments of lease liabilities                               -222.5      -208.0
   Repurchase of treasury shares                                  -50.0         0.0
   Payments of interest                                          -127.2       -94.3


   Net cash used in financing activities                         -697.8      -277.1




                                           – III-25 –
APPENDIX III                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                    TARGET GROUP

   in € million                                             1–12/2024       1–12/2023

   Exchange rate-related changes in cash and cash
     equivalents                                                 48.8             -2.1

   Changes in cash and cash equivalents                         -184.7            89.8
   Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the
     financial year                                             552.9            463.1


   Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the
    financial year                                              368.2            552.9


        Rounding differences may be observed in the percentage and numerical values
   expressed in millions of Euro since the underlying calculations are always based on
   thousands of Euro.




                                        – III-26 –
APPENDIX III                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                      TARGET GROUP

C.   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF THE TARGET GROUP FOR
     THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023

     The following is an extract of the press release of the Target Group for the year ended 31
December 2023. Specific page/section references mentioned in the audited financial statements
of the Target Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 are referred to in the Target Group’s
combined management report 2023 which is available free of charge, in read-only,
printable        format       on         the       Target         Group’s      website        at
https://about.puma.com/en/investor-relations/financial-publications.

     Key developments FY2023

     •    Currency-adjusted (ca) sales growth of 6.6% to €8,602 million despite volatile
          environment

     •    Excluding the extraordinary devaluation of the Argentine peso, sales would have
          grown by more than 8%

     •    Adverse currencies lead to a negative impact on sales of more than €400 million

     •    Gross profit margin improves by 20 basis points to 46.3% due to favourable pricing,
          geographical and channel mix effects, despite significant currency headwinds

     •    Operating result (EBIT) of €622 million fully in line with outlook (€590 to 670
          million) due to gross profit margin improvement and strict cost discipline

     •    Excluding the extraordinary devaluation of the Argentine peso, EBIT would have been
          above last year (€641 million)

     •    Free cash flow more than doubles to €369 million

     •    Management and Supervisory Board propose dividend of €0.82 per share for 2023

     PUMA’s strong      underlying    operating   performance     diluted   by Argentine     peso
     devaluation

           Following the extraordinary devaluation of the Argentine peso by 54% in December
     2023 and the application of hyperinflationary accounting under IAS 29 – which requires an
     adjustment for inflation and currency translation at the period-end exchange rate rather than
     at the average rate for the full year – the full impact of the devaluation was recognised in
     the fourth quarter. This had a negative impact on the reported financial performance for the
     fourth quarter and the financial year 2023.




                                           – III-27 –
APPENDIX III                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                    TARGET GROUP

        Before the extraordinary devaluation of the Argentine peso, PUMA’s underlying
   operating performance in the financial year 2023 was strong, with currency adjusted
   sales growth above 8% and operating result (EBIT) above last year’s level (2022: €641
   million).

        In the fourth quarter, despite a challenging market environment and before the
   significant devaluation of the Argentine peso, PUMA delivered an underlying operating
   sales growth and a significant improvement in profitability, demonstrating the strength of
   PUMA’s operating business model.

        The following chapters only refer to PUMA’s reported financial performance after the
   devaluation of the Argentine peso.

   Sales Development

   Sales by regions and
   product divisions                            1–12                    Growth rates
                                                                                 Currency
   in € million                              2023          2022         Euro      adjusted

   Breakdown by regions
   EMEA                                   3,418.4       3,113.8          9.8%         13.4%
   Americas                               3,389.9       3,685.9         -8.0%         -2.4%
   Asia/Pacific                           1,793.4       1,665.3          7.7%         13.6%


   Total                                  8,601.7       8,465.1          1.6%          6.6%


   Breakdown by product
     divisions
   Footwear                               4,583.4       4,317.9          6.1%         12.4%
   Apparel                                2,763.0       2,896.3         -4.6%         -0.3%
   Accessories                            1,255.3       1,251.0          0.3%          3.1%


   Total                                  8,601.7       8,465.1          1.6%          6.6%




                                        – III-28 –
APPENDIX III                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                    TARGET GROUP

   Full Year 2023

        PUMA Group sales increased by 6.6% (ca) to €8,601.7 million (+1.6% reported). This
   was driven by the brand’s continued momentum and robust demand for its products. The
   Asia/Pacific region led the growth with a 13.6% (ca) increase in sales, closely followed by
   the EMEA region with a 13.4% (ca) increase in sales. Sales in the Americas region
   decreased by 2.4% (ca) due to the devaluation of the Argentine peso. The PUMA Group had
   a negative currency translation impact of more than €400 million.

        The Wholesale business was up by 3.5% (ca) to €6,468.7 million and the
   Direct-to-Consumer (DTC) business increased by 17.5% (ca) to €2,133.0 million. Sales in
   owned & operated retail stores increased 18.8% (ca) and e-commerce increased 15.0% (ca).
   This resulted in an increased DTC share of 24.8% (FY2022: 23.1%), which is back in line
   with the pre-Covid level.

       Footwear continued to lead the growth with 12.4% (ca) followed by Accessories with
   growth of 3.1% (ca), while Apparel remained flat (-0.3% (ca)).

        The gross profit margin increased by 20 basis points to 46.3% (FY2022: 46.1%).
   Currencies and industry-wide promotional activities were headwinds to the gross profit
   margin. These headwinds were more than offset by price adjustments and favourable
   geographical and distribution channel mix effects.

         Operating expenses (OPEX) increased by 3.3% to €3,403.5 million (FY2022:
   €3,295.9 million). The increase was driven by sales-related distribution and other variable
   costs, the growth of our DTC channel and continued investment in marketing. This was
   partially offset by operating leverage in other cost areas due to strict cost discipline. The
   OPEX ratio increased by 60 basis points to 39.6% (FY2022: 38.9%).

         The operating result (EBIT) decreased by 3.0% to €621.6 million (FY2022: €640.6
   million) due to slightly higher operating expenses, partially offset by a favourable gross
   profit margin. As a result, the EBIT margin amounted to 7.2% (FY2022: 7.6%).

        The financial result decreased to €-143.3 million (FY2022: €-88.9 million), mainly
   due to negative currency conversion effects, including the valuation losses from the
   devaluation of the Argentine peso. Tax expenses were at €117.8 million (FY2022: €127.4
   million) and the tax rate was at a normalised level of 24.6% (FY2022: 23.1%).

        Consequently, net income decreased by 13.7% to €304.9 million (FY2022: €353.5
   million) and the earnings per share amounted to €2.03 (FY2022: €2.36).




                                         – III-29 –
APPENDIX III                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                    TARGET GROUP

   Working Capital

        The working capital increased by 8.3% to €1,177.3 million (31 December 2022:
   €1,086.8 million). Inventories were down by 19.6% to €1,804.4 million (31 December
   2022: €2,245.1 million). This development is the result of previously taken measures to
   rightsize inventories and is also supported by last year’s high comparative base. Trade
   receivables increased by 5.0% to €1,118.4 million (31 December 2022: €1,064.9 million).
   On the liabilities side, trade payables decreased by 13.6% to €1,499.8 million (31
   December 2022: €1,734.9 million).

   Cash Flow and Liquidity Situation

        The free cash flow increased significantly by 107.9% to €369.0 million in 2023
   (FY2022: €177.5 million). On 31 December 2023, PUMA had cash and cash equivalents
   of €552.9 million, an increase of 19.4% compared to 2022 (31 December 2022: €463.1
   million). In addition, the PUMA Group had credit lines totalling €1,552.8 million as of 31
   December 2023 (31 December 2022: €1,271.0 million). Unutilised credit lines were at
   €986.1 million on the balance sheet date compared to €943.7 million at the end of 2022.

   Proposal of a Dividend of €0.82 per share

        The positive net income enables the Management Board and the Supervisory Board of
   PUMA SE to propose to the Annual General Meeting on 22 May 2024 the distribution of a
   dividend of €0.82 per share for the financial year 2023. This corresponds to a payout ratio
   of 40.3% of consolidated net income. The higher payout ratio is a result of the strong
   improvement in free cash flow and reflects the underlying positive operating business
   development. The payment of the dividend is scheduled to take place in the days following
   the Annual General Meeting at which the dividend is approved. In the previous year, a
   dividend of €0.82 per share was paid out (payout ratio for the previous year: 34.7%).

   Brand & Strategy Update

   2023 Highlights

   Foundation for PUMA’s brand elevation established

   •    Reorganization of global Brand & Marketing organization by relocating Brand
        Marketing from Boston to the company headquarters in Herzogenaurach

   •    Establishment of new Marketing and Brand leadership team

   •    Launch of PUMA’s biggest Brand Campaign ever in April 2024




                                         – III-30 –
APPENDIX III               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                   TARGET GROUP

   Great Performance innovation underpins business growth

   •   Strong product innovations of PUMA’s Football boots FUTURE, ULTRA and KING
       deliver significant market share gains globally

   •   Award-winning NITRO foam technology           makes     PUMA   the   fastest   growing
       performance running brand in Europe

   •   All-Pro NITRO debuts as one of the best basketball shoes in NBA according to
       “Weartesters Best Basketball Shoes 2024”, worn by NBA rookie Scoot Henderson and
       FIBA World Cup Winner Dennis Schröder

   PUMA makes athletes to perform at their best

   •   PUMA’s Running Innovations help win 22 medals at               the   World Athletics
       Championships in Budapest, twice as many compared to 2022

   •   PUMA Deviate NITRO Elite leads Fiona O’Keeffe to her personal best setting the
       fastest debut pace ever by a woman at the U.S. Olympic Marathon Trials

   •   PUMA team Manchester City wins five major trophies: UEFA Champions League,
       Premier League, FA CUP, UEFA Super Cup and FIFA Cup

   •   PUMA Football National Team Ivory coast wins Africa Cup 2024

   •   In Basketball, Breanna Stewart became the most valuable WNBA player for the
       second time and Dennis Schröder was voted MVP of the World Championships

   New Partnerships drive credibility and commercial success

   •   PUMA’s strong position in Football attracted world-class players to join the PUMA
       family such as Kai Havertz, Jack Grealish, Xavi Simons, Alex Greenwood, Cody
       Gakpo and Daniel Carvajal

   •   PUMA’s credibility as record-winning Track & Field brand helps attract Olympic
       100m champion Marcell Jacobs and NCAA 100m champion Julien Alfred

   •   A$AP Rocky joins PUMA as Creative Director for Formula 1 to help create exciting
       collections for F1 fans

   •   Rihanna returns to the PUMA Brand to relaunch FENTY x PUMA




                                       – III-31 –
APPENDIX III                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                    TARGET GROUP

   Trendsetting Newness in Fashion and Sportstyle

   •    Rihanna’s Avanti and Creeper Phatty create great buzz

   •    PUMA manifests low-profile trend as sneaker icon Mostro returns at New York
        Fashion Week and iconic PUMA Speedcat relaunches successfully in South Korea

   •    PUMA’s terrace trend styles Palermo and Superteam are continuing to accelerate
        traction with consumers

   •    Skate Trend: PUMA introduces Suede XL as new trend sneaker

   •    A$AP Rocky presents first Formula 1 capsule collection at Las Vegas Grand Prix

   Making huge strides on Sustainability Journey

   •    Two out of PUMA’s 10FOR25 Targets already achieved in 2023

   •    SBTI 2030 greenhouse gas emission reduction targets already achieved in 2023

   •    8 out of 10 PUMA products made with recycled or certified materials in 2023

   •    PUMA to make all football jerseys from recycled textile waste with RE:FIBRE

   •    RE:SUEDE circularity project turns experimental sneakers into compost

   2023 Detailed Brand and Strategy Update

        In 2023, we sharpened our strategy to pursue long-term, sustainable growth across all
   geographies and product categories. To achieve our long-term vision of consistently
   outperforming the market, our highest priorities remain to drive brand elevation, increase
   product excellence and improve our distribution quality.

        Given the relevance of these markets, special emphasis has been placed on laying the
   foundation for sustainable long-term growth in the USA and China.

   Foundation for PUMA’s brand elevation established

         In July 2023, we relocated our brand management and marketing operations from
   Boston to Herzogenaurach and made the organizational changes that are necessary to
   implement our core strategy of elevating the PUMA brand. As part of this relocation, we
   also introduced a new global leadership team. Richard Teyssier, who before joining PUMA
   in 2010 held senior marketing and brand management positions for major FMCG
   companies, became Vice President Brand & Marketing. In early 2024, Richard was joined



                                        – III-32 –
APPENDIX III                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                    TARGET GROUP

   by Julie Legrand as Senior Director Global Brand Strategy, who previously worked as
   H&M’s Global Brand Director. Julie will define and execute our strategy to drive higher
   visibility and strengthen the PUMA brand and its perception around the world.

        We also established a Consumer Insights Team to gain a deeper understanding of our
   consumers across the entire organization to inform and align our marketing strategies and
   product engine. To be closer to our most valuable entertainment ambassadors, we
   complemented our entertainment marketing hubs in Los Angeles and London with an
   additional hub in Seoul.

        The first major outcome of our brand elevation strategy will be PUMA’s biggest
   brand campaign ever. Set to launch in April 2024, we are confident that this campaign
   will create a long-term positive effect for the PUMA brand. The campaign, which will
   feature some of our best-known brand ambassadors, will create an emotional connection
   with our consumers around the world.

   USA – Strengthening the Organisation and anchoring PUMA in Sports

        We used 2023 to reset our U.S. business by cleaning our inventory, reducing
   dependency from off-price channels and strengthening our organization. In a challenging
   U.S. market, our U.S. business was over-proportionally challenged as we were not strong
   enough positioned as a sports brand and overdependent on off-price business.

        Basketball is a crucial part of our strategy to win in the important U.S. market,
   elevate the brand and clearly reposition PUMA as a sports brand. Our great line up of
   basketball ambassadors helped us execute this plan by creating exciting products with us
   and performing strongly on court. This led to PUMA becoming a TOP 3 signature and
   performance brand in the US. We are also gaining a perception impact of the halo effect
   from Basketball with key teen male consumers, where we have moved to #6 favorite brand
   ranked in Fall 2023 after being below the top 10 in Fall 2021 according to a study by Piper
   Sandler in 2023.

        In 2023, we strengthened our local organization and appointed Andrew Rudolph as
   Senior Vice President Sales and Alexa Andersen as Senior Vice President Merchandising.
   With our two new leaders we will pursue a clearer focus to drive the growth in the
   desirable Wholesale channels and an elevated merchandising strategy in the USA.

   China – Making PUMA one of the most sought-after international sports brands

        In 2023, we implemented a new China-for-China strategy to increase relevancy and
   brand heat for the local consumer and rebuilt the entire China organization.




                                         – III-33 –
APPENDIX III                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                     TARGET GROUP

       In June, we appointed Shirley Li as the new General Manager. Shirley is a native
   Chinese and has more than 20 years of industry experience with a deep understanding of
   the Chinese market and consumer. In addition, we hired a new Commercial Director,
   Marketing Director, Digital Retail Director and Merchandise Director – all with a profound
   knowledge of the local market and consumer.

        We continued to increase Sports Marketing to position PUMA as a credible sports
   brand. We signed relevant athletes such as national female Basketball player ZhangRu and
   sponsored sports events such as Xiamen Diamond League 2023. We also started to
   collaborate with famous celebrities such as Cici Song and more of such signings will come
   in 2024.

        With view to the advanced digital costumer journeys in China, we invested in digital
   marketing and social ecommerce and saw a strong increase of brand heat on Tiktok both
   by search volume and users in 2023. In addition, we partnered with Tencent to enable us to
   build a digital member hub, that delivers comprehensive consumer data and insights, tailor
   made content and product offering as well as seamless omni channel operation.

        We further enhanced our local-for-local design and production capabilities to be
   relevant for local consumers. In 2024, around 40% of the products will be designed locally,
   while around 80% will be produced in China. With our new store format “Field of Play”,
   we are able to create an authentic brand experience and introduced a compelling new store
   environment to the Chinese consumers.

   Great Performance innovation underpins business growth

        We have achieved significant growth through product newness and technology &
   design innovations, which has led to significant market share gains, particularly in sports
   categories such as Football, Running and Basketball.

         In Football, we successfully established our Football boot franchises FUTURE,
   ULTRA and KING, which helped to gain significant market shares in football in all
   markets globally. All three franchises continue to be the strongest growing football styles in
   Europe. With this strong performance, PUMA’s market share in Football has quadrupled in
   the last 5 years.

        The latest release FUTURE 7 adapts to the shape of your foot, so the player can move
   without constraints for 90 minutes and beyond. The boot’s FUZIONFIT360 upper, a
   combination of different densities and mesh patterns, provides adaptable support,
   empowering players to experience a new level of 360-degree freedom of movement.




                                          – III-34 –
APPENDIX III                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                    TARGET GROUP

        We made big headlines by bidding farewell to Kangaroo leather and completely
   redesigned our legendary PUMA KING football boot with our new, animal-free material
   K-BETTER, which provides even better benefits to the football players. We were the first
   company in the industry to completely stop using kangaroo leather in 2023.

        To underscore our commitment to women in sports, we were the only sports brand to
   offer all our football boots in women’s specific fits at the Women’s World Cup. The fact
   that more than 90% of our world-class players during the tournament in Australia and New
   Zealand chose our women’s specific boots highlights the real demand for these innovative
   football boots.

         Another key highlight of PUMA’s product newness and innovation breakthrough is our
   award-winning running technology NITRO, which is at the core of our efforts to become a
   sought-after road running brand and helps the world’s fastest athletes perform on top of
   their game. In the third year since the introduction of NITRO, PUMA became the fastest
   growing performance running brand in Europe. We established a line-up of running
   products with a clear set of benefits for the consumer: Velocity for everyday running,
   Deviate for speed and ForeverRun for guidance and cushioning.

         NITRO foam was also introduced in our latest basketball shoe, the All-Pro NITRO,
   worn by NBA rookie and the third NBA Draft Pick Scoot Henderson as well as the MVP of
   the FIBA Basketball World Cup Dennis Schröder. Henderson also became the youngest
   player ever to receive his own signature shoe, the Scoot Zeros. Following the success of his
   first signature products, PUMA’s basketball ambassador LaMelo Ball followed up with the
   MB.03 signature shoe, which was introduced in several colours and styles throughout the
   year. Breanna Stewart, our WNBA ambassador introduced several versions of her signature
   shoe Stewie 2.

   PUMA makes athletes perform at their best

        Testament to the power of PUMA’s Running Innovation were 22 medals, including six
   gold medals, at the World Athletics Championships in Budapest, twice as many compared
   to 2022 in Eugene. PUMA athletes also won 17 medals at the European Indoor
   Championships in Istanbul and 13 medals at the World Para Athletics Championships in
   Paris. PUMA’s Armand “Mondo” Duplantis was named “Male Athlete of the Year”, after he
   once again improved the pole vault world record which now stands at 6.23 meters.

        The PUMA Deviate NITRO Elite helped U.S. Athletes Fiona O’Keeffe and Dakotah
   Lindwurm qualify for the Olympic Marathons with O’Keeffe setting the fastest debut pace
   ever by a U.S. woman. PUMA also propelled athlete Devynne Charlton to break
   16-year-old 60m hurdles world record.




                                         – III-35 –
APPENDIX III                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                    TARGET GROUP

        In Football, we celebrated a historic moment when PUMA team Manchester City
   won five major trophies: the UEFA Champions League, the Premier League, the FA CUP,
   the UEFA Super Cup as well as the FIFA Cup.

        On the national team side, we celebrated the victory of PUMA Football National Team
   Ivory Coast at the Africa Cup 2024.

        In Basketball, Breanna Stewart became the “Most valuable WNBA Player” for the
   second time and Dennis Schröder was voted MVP of the tournament at the Basketball
   World Championships in Southeast Asia, which his team Germany won.

       In Golf, PUMA ambassador Rickie Fowler captured his sixth PGA Tour victory at the
   Rocket Mortgage Classic in Detroit, while Patricia Isabel Schmidt secured her maiden
   European Tour win at the Belgian Ladies Open.

   New Partnerships drive credibility and commercial success

        PUMA’s strong position in Football Innovation attracted world-class players to join
   the PUMA family: Arsenal and Germany midfielder Kai Havertz, Manchester City and
   England playmaker Jack Grealish, RB Leipzig and Netherlands midfielder Xavi Simons,
   FC Liverpool and Netherlands striker Cody Gakpo, Real Madrid and Spanish National
   Team right-back Daniel Carvajal and Manchester City and English national team defender
   Alex Greenwood.

       PUMA also became the long-term partner of the CAF, the African Football
   Confederation. and CONMEBOL, the South American Football Confederation.

        PUMA’s credibility as a record-winning Track & Field brand helped to sign
   world-class athletes such as Olympic 100m champion Marcell Jacobs and NCAA 100m
   champion Julien Alfred. The signing of European 5,000m Champion Konstanze
   Klosterhalfen, marathon legend Edna Kiplagat and European marathon Champion
   Aleksandra Lisowska underpinned the credibility of PUMA’s NITRO foam technology.

         We captured the increasing popularity of Formula 1, both in the U.S. and globally and
   became the official licensing partner and exclusive trackside retailer of Formula 1. To help
   us create the exciting collections for the growing number of F1 fans around the world, we
   signed A$AP Rocky as the Creative Director for F1. We believe that as one of the biggest
   cultural influencers, A$AP will provide a new perspective on the world of car culture. A
   first glimpse of what this will look like was seen during the Las Vegas Grand Prix, where
   he unveiled a first capsule collection.




                                         – III-36 –
APPENDIX III                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                     TARGET GROUP

        PUMA also used the setting of the much-anticipated race in Las Vegas for several
   events that highlighted our commitment to motorsport, including a spectacular display on
   the Las Vegas Sphere, a Car Club Event and PUMA’s own hospitality suite at the Paddock
   Club.

        To maintain our strong position in Formula 1, we also extended our long-term
   partnership with Scuderia Ferrari and signed a new contract with Williams Racing.

        The return of global superstar Rihanna to PUMA, was one of our most important
   announcements of 2023 and fully in line with our strategy to work with the world’s most
   influential ambassadors.

   Trendsetting Newness in Fashion and Sportstyle

        In 2023, PUMA continued to pioneer the Sport-leisure industry and set new trends.

         First and foremost, PUMA invested in the incubation of the “Low Profile” sneaker
   trend, which is characterized by a flatter outsole, moving the whole silhouette closer to the
   ground. The Mostro and Speedcat are two iconic PUMA franchises with a distinct point of
   difference that are setting the path for this trend. Highlights of 2023 were the appearance of
   the Mostro sneaker during the Paris fashion week in collaboration with the Berlin based
   fashion label “Ottolinger”. The New York Fashion Week earlier this month saw the
   Mostro-themed Catwalk “Welcome to the amazing Mostro show” which caused great media
   attention and hype around the Mostro Franchise. Meanwhile, PUMA continues to incubate
   the Speedcat Franchise through seeding activities. The first sales results from South Korea,
   where the model launched in January, are great and numerous credible Fashion sources like
   “GQ Germany” already predict the model to be the new hype sneaker for 2024.

        Besides the incubation of new trends, PUMA also launched great newness supporting
   the ongoing skate trend with models like the PUMA-180, the Suede XL as a
   skate-inspired iteration of PUMA’s most iconic model, the Suede OG as well as Rihanna’s
   plateau style Creeper Phatty. To bring additional hype and energy to the skate trend,
   PUMA collaborated with authentic brands like “Rip n Dip”, “Pleasures” and “Butter
   Goods” that have credibility in this space and resonate strongly with the streetwear driven
   consumer.

        The football inspired terrace trend is also currently shaping the market. We were on
   time to launch two new strong franchises, the “Palermo” and the “Super Team” that are
   commercially very relevant. Collaborations with the Palermo Football Club for a special
   Jersey further amplified the football authenticity of this story. Global ambassador Dua Lipa
   headlined the Palermo campaign and wears the model in her latest music video “Houdini”
   which has already more than 75M views in YouTube. Another successful terrace style was
   Rihanna’s first product in 2023, the Avanti.




                                          – III-37 –
APPENDIX III                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                    TARGET GROUP

   Making huge strides on Sustainability Journey

        In Sustainability, we made significant progress with our FOREVER. BETTER.
   sustainability strategy and our 10FOR25 targets.

        We were able to reach two of our 10FOR25 targets ahead of schedule. For our
   “Plastics and the Oceans” target, we no longer used plastic carrier bags in PUMA’s owned
   and operated stores, we supported scientific research on microfibres and researched
   biodegradable plastic options with our RE:SUEDE circularity experiment.

        With RE:SUEDE, we showed that we can turn an experimental version of our classic
   Suede sneaker into compost under certain tailor-made industrial conditions. A commercial
   version of the RE:SUEDE will launch with our partner Zalando on Earth Day in April
   2024.

        We also reached our Human Rights target ahead of 2025 by training more than
   220,000 factory workers on women’s empowerment and completely mapping subcontractors
   and our Tier 2 suppliers for human rights risks.

        We successfully reduced our greenhouse gas emissions and introduced a new, more
   ambitious science-based target for 2030. Despite strong sales growth, we reached our
   previous science-based target, which was introduced in 2019 and based on a “well below
   2-degrees” scenario, seven years early.

         By using renewable energy, including renewable energy certificates, in our own
   warehouses, stores and offices, and by significantly investing in electric vehicles for our
   car fleet, we were able to reduce our own greenhouse gas emissions by 85% compared to
   our 2017 baseline.

        PUMA was able to reduce overall greenhouse gas emissions by 24% in 2023
   compared to 2022, as our core suppliers doubled their use of renewable energy in 2023
   compared to the previous year and our logistics partner Maersk introduced low carbon
   shipment tariffs on our most important sea freight routes.

         PUMA’s new climate goals, which were approved by the Science Based Targets
   Initiative, aim to reduce our emissions by what scientists say is necessary to keep global
   warming below 1.5 degrees. By 2030, we want to reduce our own greenhouse gas emissions
   by 90% and those coming from our supply chain and logistics by 33%, compared to 2017.

        In 2023, 8 out of 10 PUMA products were made with a significant part of recycled or
   certified materials. We also scaled up the use of recycled materials. Almost 65% of
   polyester in our apparel and accessories came from recycled sources as did 8.6% of our
   cotton.




                                         – III-38 –
APPENDIX III                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                    TARGET GROUP

        Starting 2024, all of PUMA’s replica football jerseys are now made from textile waste
   using PUMA’s RE:FIBRE recycling technology. The RE:FIBRE process focuses on textile
   waste as the primary source of material, which is broken down on a chemical level to
   create new textiles. The recycled material is just as good as new and can be used for
   recycling again and again without losing quality – making RE:FIBRE a promising and more
   sustainable long-term solution for recycling polyester textile waste.

         Transparency and engaging with Gen Z consumers in sustainability projects is a
   crucial part of our sustainability communication. In 2023, we launched our Voices of a
   RE:GENERATION initiative, which gives four Gen-Z environmental activists access to
   our senior management to give their feedback on PUMA’s sustainability strategy. Three of
   our voices visited PUMA’s supplier factories in Bangladesh, Vietnam and Turkey to get
   firsthand insights into our supply chain and some of the realities and challenges of
   sustainability at scale. The voices also help us to authentically communicate our
   sustainability initiatives to our Gen-Z audience.




                                        – III-39 –
APPENDIX III                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                     TARGET GROUP

   Income Statement

   in € million                                 1–12/2023       1–12/2022    Deviation

   Sales                                           8,601.7        8,465.1        1.6%
   Cost of sales                                  -4,615.1       -4,562.3        1.2%


   Gross profit                                       3,986.6     3,902.7        2.1%
   – in % of sales                                     46.3%       46.1%       +0.2 pp

   Royalty and commission income                      38.5           33.8       14.0%
   Other operating income and expenses            -3,403.5       -3,295.9        3.3%


   Operating result (EBIT)                             621.6        640.6       -3.0%
   – in % of sales                                     7.2%         7.6%       -0.3 pp

   Financial result                                   -143.3        -88.9       61.2%


   Earnings before taxes (EBT)                         478.3        551.7      -13.3%
   – in % of sales                                     5.6%         6.5%       -1.0 pp

   Taxes on income                                     -117.8      -127.4       -7.5%
   – Tax rate                                          24.6%       23.1%       +1.5 pp

   Net income attributable to
    non-controlling interests                           -55.7       -70.9      -21.4%


   Net income                                          304.9        353.5      -13.7%
   – in % of sales                                     3.5%         4.2%       -0.6 pp


   Earnings per share ( € )                             2.03         2.36      -14.0%
   Earnings per share ( € ) – diluted                   2.03         2.36      -14.0%


   Weighted average shares outstanding
    (million shares)                                  149.85       149.65        0.1%
   Weighted average shares outstanding
    – diluted
    (million shares)                                  149.87       149.66        0.1%


        Rounding differences may be observed in the percentage and numerical values
   expressed in millions of Euro since the underlying calculations are always based on
   thousands of Euro.




                                         – III-40 –
APPENDIX III                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                        TARGET GROUP

   Balance Sheet

   in € million                              31/12/2023       31/12/2022   Deviation

   ASSETS
   Cash and cash equivalents                          552.9        463.1      19.4%
   Inventories*                                     1,804.4      2,245.1     -19.6%
   Trade receivables*                               1,118.4      1,064.9       5.0%
   Other current assets*                              385.6        304.1      26.8%
   Other current assets                                69.8        123.2     -43.4%


   Current assets                                   3,931.1      4,200.4      -6.4%


   Deferred tax assets                                296.1        295.0       0.3%
   Right-of-use assets                              1,087.7      1,111.3      -2.1%
   Other non-current assets                         1,325.6      1,166.0      13.7%


   Non-current assets                               2,709.3      2,572.3       5.3%


   Total Assets                                     6,640.4      6,772.7      -2.0%


   LIABILITIES AND EQUITY

   Current borrowings                                 145.9         75.9      92.3%
   Trade payables*                                  1,499.8      1,734.9     -13.6%
   Other current liabilities*                         631.3        792.3     -20.3%
   Current lease liabilities                          212.4        200.2       6.1%
   Other current liabilities                           47.7         39.7      20.1%


   Current liabilities                              2,537.2      2,843.0     -10.8%




                                       – III-41 –
APPENDIX III                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                          TARGET GROUP

   in € million                                           31/12/2023             31/12/2022              Deviation

   Non-current borrowings**                                      426.1                 251.5                  69.4%
   Deferred tax liabilities                                       12.4                  42.0                 -70.5%
   Pension provisions                                             22.5                  22.4                   0.7%
   Non-current lease liabilities                               1,020.0               1,030.3                  -1.0%
   Other non-current liabilities                                  40.0                  44.7                 -10.5%


   Non-current liabilities                                     1,520.9               1,390.8                   9.4%


   Equity                                                      2,582.3               2,538.8                   1.7%


   Total Liabilities and Equity                                6,640.4               6,772.7                  -2.0%


   *    Included in working capital

   **   In order to better communicate decision-relevant information, non-current borrowings will no longer be
        recognised under other non-current financial liabilities in the 2023 reporting year, but in a separate balance
        sheet line item. The previous year’s figures have been adjusted accordingly.


        Rounding differences may be observed in the percentage and numerical values
   expressed in millions of Euro since the underlying calculations are always based on
   thousands of Euro.




                                                  – III-42 –
APPENDIX III                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                      TARGET GROUP

   Cash Flow Statement

   in € million                                   1–12/2023      1–12/2022   Deviation

   Earnings before taxes (EBT)                          478.3        551.7     -13.3%
   Financial result and non-cash
     effected expenses and income                       485.7        367.2      32.3%


   Gross cash flow                                      964.1        918.9       4.9%


   Change in current assets, net                        -129.2      -343.3     -62.4%
   Payments for taxes on income                         -181.3      -157.4      15.2%


   Net cash from operating activities                   653.6        418.3      56.3%


   Payments for investing in fixed
     assets                                             -300.4      -263.6      13.9%
   Other investing and divestment
     activities incl. interest received                  15.8         22.9     -31.1%


   Net cash used in investing activities                -284.6      -240.8      18.2%


   Free cash flow                                       369.0        177.5     107.9%


   Free cash flow (before acquisitions)                 369.0        177.5     107.9%




                                           – III-43 –
APPENDIX III                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                             TARGET GROUP

   in € million                                              1–12/2023             1–12/2022             Deviation

   Dividends paid to shareholders of
     PUMA SE                                                      -122.8                -107.7                14.0%
   Dividends paid to non-controlling
     interests                                                     -92.4                 -73.3               26.2%
   Proceeds from borrowings                                        299.6                  17.9             1571.2%
   Cash repayments of borrowings                                   -59.1                 -69.5              -14.9%
   Repayments of lease liabilities                                -208.0                -190.0                9.4%
   Payments of interest                                            -94.3                 -53.8               75.3%


   Net cash used in financing
    activities                                                    -277.1                -476.4               -41.8%


   Exchange rate-related changes in
     cash and cash equivalents                                       -2.1                   4.4            -146.8%

   Changes in cash and cash
     equivalents                                                    89.8                -294.4             -130.5%
   Cash and cash equivalents at the
     beginning of the financial year                               463.1                 757.5               -38.9%


   Cash and cash equivalents at the
    end of the financial year                                      552.9                 463.1                19.4%


        Rounding differences may be observed in the percentage and numerical values
   expressed in millions of Euro since the underlying calculations are always based on
   thousands of Euro.

   Notes:

   1.       All information found in Appendix III that has been obtained from website of the Target Group:
            https://about.puma.com/en/investor-relations/financial-publications would be either (i) reproduced exactly
            as found in the source document; (ii) reproduced without substantial modification from the source
            document; or (iii) extracted and paraphrased from the source document.

   2.       To the best of the Directors’ knowledge, information and belief, having made all reasonable enquiries, the
            Target Group does not have any charges on its assets for the financial years ended 31 December 2023, 31
            December 2024 and 31 December 2025.




                                                    – III-44 –
APPENDIX IV                                 UNAUDITED PRO FORMA FINANCIAL
                                                INFORMATION OF THE GROUP

A.   UNAUDITED PRO FORMA STATEMENT OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES OF THE
     GROUP

      The following is the unaudited pro forma statement of assets and liabilities of the Group
after the completion of the Acquisition by the Group. Details of the Acquisition are set out in
the section headed “Letter from the Board” contained in this circular. The unaudited pro forma
financial information presented below is prepared to illustrate the statement of assets and
liabilities of the Group as at 31 December 2025 as if the Acquisition has been completed on 31
December 2025.

     The unaudited pro forma statement of assets and liabilities of the Group has been prepared
in accordance with Paragraph 4.29 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules and on the basis of the notes
set out below, for the purpose of illustrating the effect of the Acquisition. The unaudited pro
forma financial information was based on number of assumptions, estimates and uncertainties.
Because of its hypothetical nature, the unaudited pro forma financial information may not give a
true picture of the financial position, results of operation and cash flows of the Group had the
Acquisition been completed as of the specified dates or any future date.

     The unaudited pro forma financial information should be read in conjunction with other
financial information included elsewhere in this circular.




                                           – IV-1 –
APPENDIX IV                                           UNAUDITED PRO FORMA FINANCIAL
                                                          INFORMATION OF THE GROUP

AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2025

                                                                                                          Unaudited
                                                                                                          Pro Forma
                                    Consolidated                                                       Consolidated
                                    statement of                                                       Statement of
                                       assets and                                                          assets and
                                     liabilities of                                                     liabilities of
                                       the Group                  Pro Forma adjustments                   the Group
                                     RMB’million         RMB’million    RMB’million     RMB’million     RMB’million
                                         Note (1)           Note (2)       Note (3)        Note (4)

Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment               5,366                                                              5,366
Right-of-use assets                        10,926                                                             10,926
Construction in progress                    2,532                                                              2,532
Other non-current assets                      842                                                                842
Intangible assets                           4,253                                                              4,253
Investments in associates                  16,453             12,651              –            126            29,230
Other investments                           4,428                  –         (1,287)             –             3,141
Pledged deposits                               53                                                                 53
Fixed deposits held at banks with
  maturity over three months               17,853                                                             17,853
Deferred tax assets                         1,933                                                              1,933


Total non-current assets                   64,639             12,651         (1,287)           126            76,129


Current assets
Inventories                                12,152                                                             12,152
Trade receivables                           4,616                                                              4,616
Other current assets                        3,744                                                              3,744
Amounts due from related parties              109                                                                109
Other investments                           1,920                                                              1,920
Pledged deposits                              659                                                                659
Fixed deposits held at banks with
  maturity over three months               24,275                                                             24,275
Cash and cash equivalents                  12,181            (12,651)         1,287            (126)             691


Total current assets                       59,656            (12,651)         1,287            (126)          48,166


Total assets                              124,295                  –              –               –          124,295




                                                      – IV-2 –
APPENDIX IV                                               UNAUDITED PRO FORMA FINANCIAL
                                                              INFORMATION OF THE GROUP

                                                                                                              Unaudited
                                                                                                              Pro Forma
                                        Consolidated                                                       Consolidated
                                        statement of                                                       Statement of
                                           assets and                                                          assets and
                                         liabilities of                                                     liabilities of
                                           the Group                  Pro Forma adjustments                   the Group
                                         RMB’million         RMB’million    RMB’million     RMB’million     RMB’million
                                             Note (1)           Note (2)       Note (3)        Note (4)

Current liabilities
Borrowings                                     11,532                                                             11,532
Trade payables                                  4,158                                                              4,158
Other current liabilities                      10,224                                                             10,224
Lease liabilities                               3,687                                                              3,687
Amounts due to related parties                     59                                                                 59
Current taxation                                3,698                                                              3,698


Total current liabilities                      33,358                  –              –               –           33,358


Net current assets                             26,298            (12,651)         1,287            (126)          14,808


Total assets less current liabilities          90,937                  –              –               –           90,937


Non-current liabilities
Borrowings                                     11,770                                                             11,770
Other non-current liabilities                       3                                                                  3
Lease liabilities                               4,775                                                              4,775
Deferred tax liabilities                        1,984                                                              1,984


Total non-current liabilities                  18,532                  –              –               –           18,532


Total liabilities                              51,890                  –              –               –           51,890


Net assets                                     72,405                  –              –               –           72,405




                                                          – IV-3 –
APPENDIX IV                                              UNAUDITED PRO FORMA FINANCIAL
                                                             INFORMATION OF THE GROUP

Notes:

(1)      The financial information of the Group as at 31 December 2025 was extracted from the annual report of the
         Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 published on 9 April 2026.

(2)      The Company acquired 29.06% equity interest of the Puma SE (the “Acquisition”) at a cash consideration of
         EUR1,505,516,600 (approximately RMB12,651,000,000). For the purpose of this unaudited pro forma financial
         information and for illustrative purpose only, it is assumed that there will be not tax due on the transaction and
         the Company will not pay any additional payments to the Seller pursuant to the terms set out in the section
         headed “LETTER FROM THE BOARD – Additional Payments under Certain Events” of this circular.

         For illustrative purpose, the exchange rate used in calculating the effect of the Acquisition on the unaudited pro
         forma consolidated statement of the assets and liabilities of the Group is the closing exchange rate as at 31
         December 2025 of Euro 1 to RMB8.4034 as the Acquisition is deemed to occur on 31 December 2025.

         The Directors expect that the Company could not obtain control of Puma SE under the Acquisition but could
         exercise significant influence over the relevant activities of the Target Group. Therefore, the equity interest of
         the Target Company acquired by the Company will be accounted for using equity method as “investments in
         associates” of the Group.

(3)      As at 31 December 2025, the Company held 6,864,109 shares of Puma SE, which are designated as financial
         assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (non-recycling) (“FVOCI”). To avoid
         Takeover Offer as defined in this circular, the 6,864,109 shares held by the Company would be disposed before
         the Closing of the Acquisition. Therefore, the corresponding financial assets measured at FVOCI with a carrying
         amount of RMB1,287,000,000 as at 31 December 2025 are derecognised.

(4)      The transaction cost, comprising the estimated direct expenses of the financial advisor, legal and other
         professional services directly attributable to the Acquisition of approximately RMB126,051,000, is deemed to be
         incurred by the Group on 31 December 2025 and capitalised in the investments in associates of the Group

(5)      Apart from the above, no other adjustments have been made to reflect any trading results or other transactions of
         the Group and the Target Group entered into subsequent to 31 December 2025 for the unaudited pro forma
         consolidated statement of assets and liabilities of the Group.




                                                         – IV-4 –
APPENDIX IV                                 UNAUDITED PRO FORMA FINANCIAL
                                                INFORMATION OF THE GROUP

B.   INDEPENDENT REPORTING ACCOUNTANTS’ ASSURANCE REPORT ON THE
     COMPILATION OF PRO FORMA FINANCIAL INFORMATION

     The following is the text of a report received from the reporting accountants, KPMG,
Certified Public Accountants, Hong Kong, in respect of the Group’s pro forma financial
information for the purpose of incorporation in this circular.




INDEPENDENT REPORTING ACCOUNTANTS’ ASSURANCE                             REPORT      ON    THE
COMPILATION OF PRO FORMA FINANCIAL INFORMATION

To the Directors of ANTA Sports Products Limited

      We have completed our assurance engagement to report on the compilation of pro forma
financial information of ANTA Sports Products Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
(collectively the “Group”) by the directors of the Company (the “Directors”) for illustrative
purposes only. The pro forma financial information consists of the unaudited pro forma
consolidated statement of assets and liabilities as at 31 December 2025 and related notes as set
out in Part A of Appendix IV to the circular dated 24 April 2026 (the “Circular”) issued by the
Company. The applicable criteria on the basis of which the Directors have compiled the pro
forma financial information are described in Part A of Appendix IV to the Circular.

     The pro forma financial information has been compiled by the Directors to illustrate the
impact of the acquisition of 29.06% equity interest in PUMA SE (the “Acquisition”) on the
Group’s financial position as at 31 December 2025 as if the Acquisition had taken place at
31 December 2025. As part of this process, information about the Group’s financial position as
at 31 December 2025 has been extracted by the Directors from the consolidated financial
statements of the Group for the year then ended, on which an audit report has been published.

Directors’ Responsibilities for the Pro Forma Financial Information

     The Directors are responsible for compiling the pro forma financial information in
accordance with paragraph 4.29 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock
Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”) and with reference to Accounting
Guideline 7 “Preparation of Pro Forma Financial Information for Inclusion in Investment
Circulars” (“AG 7”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants
(“HKICPA”).




                                           – IV-5 –
APPENDIX IV                                 UNAUDITED PRO FORMA FINANCIAL
                                                INFORMATION OF THE GROUP

Our Independence and Quality Management

     We have complied with the independence and other ethical requirements of the Code of
Ethics for Professional Accountants issued by the HKICPA, which is founded on fundamental
principles of integrity, objectivity, professional competence and due care, confidentiality and
professional behavior.

     Our firm applies Hong Kong Standard on Quality Management 1 “Quality Management for
Firms that Perform Audits or Reviews of Financial Statements, or Other Assurance or Related
Services Engagements”, which requires the firm to design, implement and operate a system of
quality management including policies or procedures regarding compliance with ethical
requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.

Reporting Accountants’ Responsibilities

     Our responsibility is to express an opinion, as required by paragraph 4.29(7) of the Listing
Rules, on the pro forma financial information and to report our opinion to you. We do not accept
any responsibility for any reports previously given by us on any financial information used in
the compilation of the pro forma financial information beyond that owed to those to whom those
reports were addressed by us at the dates of their issue.

     We conducted our engagement in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance
Engagements (“HKSAE”) 3420 “Assurance Engagements to Report on the Compilation of Pro
Forma Financial Information Included in a Prospectus” issued by the HKICPA. This standard
requires that the reporting accountants plan and perform procedures to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the Directors have compiled the pro forma financial information in
accordance with paragraph 4.29 of the Listing Rules, and with reference to AG 7 issued by the
HKICPA.

     For purpose of this engagement, we are not responsible for updating or reissuing any
reports or opinions on any historical financial information used in compiling the pro forma
financial information, nor have we, in the course of this engagement, performed an audit or
review of the financial information used in compiling the pro forma financial information.

     The purpose of pro forma financial information included in an investment circular is solely
to illustrate the impact of a significant event or transaction on the unadjusted financial
information of the Group as if the event had occurred or the transaction had been undertaken at
an earlier date selected for purposes of the illustration. Accordingly, we do not provide any
assurance that the actual outcome of the events or transactions at 31 December 2025 would have
been as presented.




                                            – IV-6 –
APPENDIX IV                                  UNAUDITED PRO FORMA FINANCIAL
                                                 INFORMATION OF THE GROUP

     A reasonable assurance engagement to report on whether the pro forma financial
information has been properly compiled on the basis of the applicable criteria involves
performing procedures to assess whether the applicable criteria used by the Directors in the
compilation of the pro forma financial information provide a reasonable basis for presenting the
significant effects directly attributable to the event or transaction, and to obtain sufficient
appropriate evidence about whether:

     •     the related pro forma adjustments give appropriate effect to those criteria; and

     •     the pro forma financial information reflects the proper application of those
           adjustments to the unadjusted financial information.

     The procedures selected depend on the reporting accountants’ judgement, having regard to
the reporting accountants’ understanding of the nature of the Group, the event or transaction in
respect of which the pro forma financial information has been compiled, and other relevant
engagement circumstances.

     The engagement also involves evaluating the overall presentation of the pro forma financial
information.

     We believe that the evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a
basis for our opinion.

Opinion

     In our opinion:

     (a)   the pro forma financial information has been properly compiled on the basis stated;

     (b)   such basis is consistent with the accounting policies of the Group, and

     (c)   the adjustments are appropriate for the purposes of the pro forma financial information
           as disclosed pursuant to paragraph 4.29(1) of the Listing Rules.

KPMG
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
24 April 2026




                                             – IV-7 –
APPENDIX V                                                                GENERAL INFORMATION

1.   RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT

      This circular, for which the Directors collectively and individually accept full
responsibility, includes particulars given in compliance with the Listing Rules for the purpose of
giving information with regard to the Company. The Directors, having made all reasonable
enquiries, confirm that to the best of their knowledge and belief the information contained in
this circular is accurate and complete in all material respects and not misleading or deceptive,
and there are no other matters the omission of which would make any statement herein or this
circular misleading.

2.   DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS

      As at the Latest Practicable Date, the interests and short positions of the Directors and the
chief executive of the Company in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company
and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) (i) which were
required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of
Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which they were taken or deemed to
have under such provisions of the SFO); or (ii) which were required, pursuant to section 352 of
the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein; or (iii) which were required to be
notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities
Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers contained in the Listing Rules, were as follows:

     Long positions in the Shares and/ or underlying Shares of the Company and associated
     corporations

                                                                                              Number of        Percentage of
                      Company/                                         Number of              underlying         total issued
                      Name of                                    shares interested      Shares interested       share capital
                      associated                                  as at the Latest       as at the Latest    as at the Latest
     Name of Director corporation         Capacity               Practicable Date       Practicable Date    Practicable Date(1)

     Mr. Ding         Company            Founder of a            1,492,122,400 (L)(4)                  –             53.35%
      Shizhong                             discretionary trust
                      Anta International Founder of a             503,172,690 (L)(4)                   –             34.06%
                                           discretionary trust
                      Anta International Interest of spouse        18,267,273 (L)(4)                   –              1.24%
                      Amer Sports, Inc. Founder of a              232,990,872 (L)(5)                   –             40.05%
                                           discretionary trust
                      Amer Sports, Inc. Founder of a                 3,800,000 (L)(5)                  –              0.65%
                                           discretionary trust




                                                       – V-1 –
APPENDIX V                                                                   GENERAL INFORMATION

                                                                                                  Number of           Percentage of
                   Company/                                               Number of               underlying            total issued
                   Name of                                          shares interested       Shares interested          share capital
                   associated                                        as at the Latest        as at the Latest       as at the Latest
  Name of Director corporation          Capacity                    Practicable Date        Practicable Date       Practicable Date(1)

  Mr. Ding Shijia   Company            Founder of a                 1,483,676,400 (L)(6)                    –               53.05%
                                         discretionary trust
                    Anta International Founder of a                  495,300,570 (L)(6)                     –               33.52%
                                         discretionary trust
                    Amer Sports, Inc. Founder of a                   232,990,872 (L)(7)                     –               40.05%
                                         discretionary trust
                    Amer Sports, Inc. Founder of a                      2,794,152 (L)(7)                    –                0.48%
                                         discretionary trust
                    Amer Sports, Inc. Interest of spouse                  637,418 (L)(7)                    –                0.11%

  Mr. Lai Shixian   Company            Beneficial owner                   891,955 (L)                      –                 0.03%
                    Company            Beneficiary of a trust                       –            900,000 (L)(2)              0.03%
                                         (other than a
                                         discretionary interest)
                    Anta International Beneficiary of a              146,189,463 (L)(8)                     –                9.89%
                                         discretionary
                                         trust/Interest of spouse
                    Anta International Interest in controlled          39,961,734 (L)(8)                    –                2.70%
                                         corporation

  Mr. Wu Yonghua    Company            Beneficiary of a trust                       –            900,000 (L)(2)              0.03%
                                         (other than a
                                         discretionary interest)
                    Anta International Founder of a                    78,136,038 (L)(9)                    –                5.29%
                                         discretionary trust
                    Amer Sports, Inc. Founder of a                        536,791 (L)(10)                   –                0.09%
                                         discretionary trust

  Mr. Zheng Jie     Company             Beneficial owner                  950,000 (L)                       –                0.03%
                    Amer Sports, Inc.   Beneficial owner                2,248,492 (L)           1,723,087 (L)(3)             0.68%

  Mr. Bi Mingwei    Company             Beneficial owner                  208,636 (L)                      –                 0.01%
                    Company             Beneficiary of a trust                      –            158,800 (L)(2)              0.01%
                                          (other than a
                                          discretionary interest)




                                                      – V-2 –
APPENDIX V                                                                 GENERAL INFORMATION

                                                                                             Number of           Percentage of
                   Company/                                              Number of           underlying            total issued
                   Name of                                         shares interested   Shares interested          share capital
                   associated                                       as at the Latest    as at the Latest       as at the Latest
  Name of Director corporation             Capacity                Practicable Date    Practicable Date       Practicable Date(1)

  Mr. Yiu Kin Wah      Company             Beneficial owner              33,000 (L)                    –                0.00%
   Stephen             Amer Sports, Inc.   Beneficial owner              24,073 (L)            7,265 (L)(3)             0.01%

  (L): Long position

  Notes:

  (1)      As at the Latest Practicable Date, the number of issued ordinary shares (excluding treasury shares (if any))
           of the Company, of Anta International and of Amer Sports, Inc. were 2,796,653,300, 1,477,500,000 and
           581,822,024, respectively.

  (2)      The interests in underlying Shares represent the interests in awarded shares granted pursuant to the 2018
           Share Award Scheme (2023 Revision), details of which are set out in the section entitled “2018 Share
           Award Scheme and 2018 Share Award Scheme (2023 Revision)” under “Share Schemes” below.

  (3)      The interests in underlying shares represent the interests in unvested share granted (subject to certain
           vesting conditions) pursuant to an incentive plan of Amer Sports, Inc..

  (4)      A total of 1,482,676,400 Shares were directly held by Anta International and its wholly-owned
           subsidiaries, and 9,446,000 Shares were directly held by Shine Well (Far East) Limited (“Shine Well”),
           representing 53.01% and 0.34% of the issued Shares as at the Latest Practicable Date respectively. Shine
           Well directly held 503,172,690 shares of Anta International, representing 34.06% of the issued shares of
           Anta International as at the Latest Practicable Date, and was entitled to exercise or control the exercise of
           one third or more of the voting power at the general meeting of Anta International, and therefore was
           deemed to be interested in all the Shares held by Anta International. The entire issued shares of Shine Well
           was held by Top Bright Assets Limited (“Top Bright”). The entire issued shares of Top Bright was in turn
           held by HSBC International Trustee Limited (“HSBC Trustee”) acting as the trustee of the DSZ Family
           Trust. The DSZ Family Trust was an irrevocable discretionary trust. Mr. Ding Shizhong as the founder of
           the DSZ Family Trust was deemed to be interested in the total 1,492,122,400 Shares held by Anta
           International and Shine Well and the 503,172,690 shares of Anta International held by Shine Well.
           18,267,273 shares of Anta International, representing 1.24% of the issued shares of Anta International as at
           the Latest Practicable Date, were directly held by Blossom Prospect Limited (“Blossom Prospect”). Ms.
           Ding Youmian held 50% of the issued shares of Blossom Prospect and was entitled to exercise or control
           the exercise of one third or more of the voting power at the general meeting of Blossom Prospect, and
           therefore was deemed to be interested in the 18,267,273 shares of Anta International held by Blossom
           Prospect. Mr. Ding Shizhong as the spouse of Ms. Ding Youmian was deemed to be interested in the
           18,267,273 shares of Anta International held by Blossom Prospect.

  (5)      By virtue of SFO, Mr. Ding Shizhong is deemed to be interested in (i) 232,990,872 shares of Amer Sports,
           Inc. through his interest in the Company; and (ii) 3,800,000 shares of Amer Sports, Inc. directly held by
           Zhi Sheng Overseas Holdings Limited.

  (6)      A total of 1,482,676,400 Shares were directly held by Anta International and its wholly-owned
           subsidiaries, and 1,000,000 Shares were directly held by Talent Trend Investment Limited (“Talent
           Trend”), representing 53.01% and 0.04% of the issued Shares as at the Latest Practicable Date
           respectively. Talent Trend directly held 495,300,570 shares of Anta International, representing 33.52% of
           the issued shares of Anta International as at the Latest Practicable Date, and was entitled to exercise or
           control the exercise of one third or more of the voting power at the general meeting of Anta International,
           and therefore was deemed to be interested in all the Shares held by Anta International. The entire issued




                                                        – V-3 –
APPENDIX V                                                                  GENERAL INFORMATION

            shares of Talent Trend was held by Allwealth Assets Limited (“Allwealth”). The entire issued shares of
            Allwealth was in turn held by HSBC Trustee acting as the trustee of the DSJ Family Trust. The DSJ
            Family Trust was an irrevocable discretionary trust. Mr. Ding Shijia as the founder of the DSJ Family
            Trust was deemed to be interested in the total 1,483,676,400 Shares held by Anta International and Talent
            Trend and the 495,300,570 shares of Anta International held by Talent Trend.

     (7)    By virtue of SFO, Mr. Ding Shijia is deemed to be interested in (i) 232,990,872 shares of Amer Sports,
            Inc. through his interest in the Company; (ii) 2,794,152 shares of Amer Sports, Inc. directly held by He
            Sheng Overseas Holdings Limited; and (iii) 637,418 shares of Amer Sports, Inc. directly held by his
            spouse.

     (8)    Certain interests of Mr. Lai Shixian in Anta International were held through Gain Speed Holdings Limited
            (“Gain Speed”), which directly held 146,189,463 shares of Anta International, representing 9.89% of the
            issued shares of Anta International as at the Latest Practicable Date. The entire issued shares of Gain
            Speed was held by Spring Star Assets Limited. The entire issued shares of Spring Star Assets Limited was
            in turn held by HSBC Trustee acting as the trustee of the DYL Family Trust. The DYL Family Trust was
            an irrevocable discretionary trust. Ms. Ding Yali as the founder of the DYL Family Trust was deemed to be
            interested in the 146,189,463 shares of Anta International held by Gain Speed. Mr. Lai Shixian as one of
            the beneficiaries of the DYL Family Trust and as the spouse of Ms. Ding Yali was deemed to be interested
            in the 146,189,463 shares of Anta International held by Gain Speed. 18,267,273 shares of Anta
            International, representing 1.24% of the issued shares of Anta International as at the Latest Practicable
            Date, were directly held by Blossom Prospect. Mr. Lai Shixian held 50% of the issued shares of Blossom
            Prospect and was entitled to exercise or control the exercise of one third or more of the voting power at
            the general meeting of Blossom Prospect, and therefore was deemed to be interested in the 18,267,273
            shares of Anta International held by Blossom Prospect. 21,694,461 shares of Anta International,
            representing 1.47% of the issued shares of Anta International as at the Latest Practicable Date, were
            directly held by First Start Investment Limited (“First Start”). Mr. Lai Shixian held 90% of the issued
            shares of First Start and was entitled to exercise or control the exercise of one third or more of the voting
            power at the general meeting of First Start, and therefore was deemed to be interested in the 21,694,461
            shares of Anta International held by First Start.

     (9)    The interests of Mr. Wu Yonghua in Anta International were held through Spread Wah International
            Limited (“Spread Wah”), which directly held 78,136,038 shares of Anta International, representing 5.29%
            of the issued shares of Anta International as at the Latest Practicable Date. The entire issued shares of
            Spread Wah was held by Allbright Assets Limited. The entire issued shares of Allbright Assets Limited
            was in turn held by HSBC Trustee acting as the trustee of the WYH Family Trust. The WYH Family Trust
            was an irrevocable discretionary trust. Mr. Wu Yonghua as the founder of the WYH Family Trust was
            deemed to be interested in the 78,136,038 shares of Anta International held by Spread Wah.

     (10)   By virtue of SFO, Mr. Wu Yonghua is deemed to be interested in 536,791 shares of Amer Sports, Inc. held
            by the W Family Trust as the founder of the W Family Trust.


      Save as disclosed above, as at the Latest Practicable Date, none of the Directors and the
chief executives had any interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares or
debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations which were required to be
notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of
Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which they were taken deemed to
have under such provisions of the SFO), or which had been entered in the register required to be
kept under Section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed
Companies contained in the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

     Save as disclosed above and the fact that Mr. Ding Shizhong, Mr. Ding Shijia and Mr. Lai
Shixian are directors of Anta International, as at the Latest Practicable Date, none of the



                                                       – V-4 –
APPENDIX V                                                  GENERAL INFORMATION

Directors was a director or employee of a company which had, or was deemed to have, an
interest or short position in the Shares or underlying Shares of the Company which would fall to
be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3
of Part XV of the SFO.

3.   SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS

     As at the Latest Practicable Date, so far as the Directors are aware, the persons or
corporations (other than the Directors and chief executive of the Company) who had an interest
or short positions in the shares and underlying shares of the Company which are required to be
disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or
which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336
of the SFO were as follows:

     Long positions in the Shares and/ or underlying Shares of the Company

                                                                Number of        Percentage of
                                                                    Shares/        total issued
                                                                underlying     share capital as
                                Capacity/                            Shares       at the Latest
     Name of Shareholders       Nature of interest               interested   Practicable Date

     HSBC Trustee               Trustee (1)              1,493,185,192 (L)              53.39%

     Top Bright                 Interest in controlled   1,492,122,400 (L)              53.35%
                                  corporation (1)

     Shine Well                 Interest in controlled   1,482,676,400 (L)              53.01%
                                  corporation (1)
                                Beneficial owner (1)          9,446,000 (L)              0.34%

     Allwealth                  Interest in controlled   1,483,676,400 (L)              53.05%
                                  corporation (1)

     Talent Trend               Interest in controlled   1,482,676,400 (L)              53.01%
                                  corporation (1)
                                Beneficial owner (1)          1,000,000 (L)              0.04%

     Anta International         Beneficial owner (2)     1,206,301,400 (L)              43.13%
                                Interest in controlled     276,375,000 (L)               9.88%
                                  corporation (2)

     Anda Holdings              Beneficial owner           160,875,000 (L)               5.75%

     (L): Long position




                                              – V-5 –
APPENDIX V                                                                   GENERAL INFORMATION

     Notes:

     (1)      The interests of HSBC Trustee in the Company were held through Anta International, Anda Holdings, Anda
              Investments, Shine Well and Talent Trend, representing approximately 43.13%, 5.75%, 4.13%, 0.34% and
              0.04% of the issued Shares, respectively. In addition, HSBC Trustee also held 62,792 Shares as trustee for
              persons unrelated to the substantial shareholders. HSBC Trustee was the trustee of the DSZ Family Trust,
              the DSJ Family Trust, the WYH Family Trust and the DYL Family Trust, and it held the entire issued
              shares of Top Bright and Allwealth, which in turn held the entire issued shares of Shine Well and Talent
              Trend, respectively. Each of Shine Well and Talent Trend was entitled to exercise or control the exercise of
              one third or more of the voting power at general meeting of Anta International and therefore each of them
              was deemed to be interested in all the 1,206,301,400 Shares directly held by Anta International. Anta
              International held the entire issued shares of each of Anda Holdings and Anda Investments and therefore
              was deemed to be interested in the 160,875,000 Shares and the 115,500,000 Shares directly held by Anda
              Holdings and Anda Investments, respectively. Accordingly, HSBC Trustee, Top Bright, Allwealth, Shine
              Well and Talent Trend were deemed to be interested in the total 1,482,676,400 Shares held by Anta
              International and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. 9,446,000 Shares were held by Shine Well directly.
              Accordingly, HSBC Trustee and Top Bright were also deemed to be interested in the 9,446,000 Shares held
              by Shine Well. 1,000,000 Shares were held by Talent Trend directly. Accordingly, HSBC Trustee and
              Allwealth were also deemed to be interested in the 1,000,000 Shares held by Talent Trend.

     (2)      1,206,301,400 Shares were directly held by Anta International. 160,875,000 Shares and 115,500,000 Shares
              were directly held by Anda Holdings and Anda Investments, respectively. Each of Anda Holdings and Anda
              Investments was wholly-owned by Anta International and therefore was a controlled corporation of Anta
              International. Accordingly, Anta International was deemed to be interested in the 160,875,000 Shares held
              by Anda Holdings and the 115,500,000 Shares held by Anda Investments.


          Save as disclosed above, as at the Latest Practicable Date, the Directors were not
     aware of any other person or corporation having an interest or short positions in shares and
     underlying shares of the Company which are required to be disclosed to the Company under
     the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO as recorded in the register
     required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO.

4.   DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS

     As at the Latest Practicable Date, no Directors had any existing or proposed service
contracts with the Company or any of its subsidiaries which is not determinable within one year
without payment of compensation other than statutory compensation.

5.   DIRECTORS’ INTEREST IN CONTRACTS

     As at the Latest Practicable Date, other than transactions pursuant to continuing connected
transactions described in the Report of the Directors of the Company’s Annual Report 2025, so
far as the Directors are aware, none of the Directors had any interest, either directly or
indirectly, in any assets which has since 31 December 2025 (being the date to which the latest
published audited consolidated financial statements of the Company were made up) been
acquired or disposed of by or leased to, any member of the Group or are proposed to be acquired
or disposed of by, or leased to, any member of the Group.

    As at the Latest Practicable Date, and save for the information contained in the disclosure
made in the announcement of the Company dated 12 December 2024, none of the Directors was




                                                        – V-6 –
APPENDIX V                                                    GENERAL INFORMATION

materially interested, directly or indirectly, in any contract or arrangement entered into by any
member of the Group subsisting at the Latest Practicable Date and which is significant in
relation to the businesses of any member of the Group.

6.   MATERIAL CONTRACTS

     There was no material contract (not being a contract entered into in the ordinary course of
the business) entered into by any member of the Group within the two years immediately
preceding the Latest Practicable Date.

7.   EXPERT AND CONSENT

     The following are the qualifications of the expert who has given advice or opinions
contained in this circular:

     Name                                  Qualifications

     KPMG                                  Certified Public Accountants

     KPMG has given and has not withdrawn its written consent to the issue of this circular
with the inclusion of its report or letter and references to its name in the form and context in
which they are included.

     As at the Latest Practicable Date, KPMG had no shareholding in any member of the Group,
nor did it have any right (whether legally enforceable or not) to subscribe for or nominate
persons to subscribe for any securities in any member of the Group.

      As at the Latest Practicable Date, KPMG did not have any direct or indirect interest in any
assets which have been, since 31 December 2025 (being the date to which the latest published
audited financial statements of the Group were made up), acquired or disposed of by or leased
to, or were proposed to be acquired or disposed of by or leased to any member of the Group.

    The report from KPMG on the unaudited pro forma statement of assets and liabilities of the
Group as set out in Appendix IV is given as of the date of this circular for incorporation herein.

8.   MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE

     The Directors are not aware of any material adverse change in the financial position or
trading position of the Group since 31 December 2025, being the date to which the latest
published consolidated financial statements of the Group was made up.




                                             – V-7 –
APPENDIX V                                                        GENERAL INFORMATION

9.    DIRECTORS’ INTEREST IN COMPETING BUSINESS

      As at the Latest Practicable Date, so far as the Directors are aware of, none of the
Directors nor their respective close associates had any interest in any business which competes
or is likely to compete, or is in conflict or is likely to be in conflict, either directly or indirectly,
with the business of the Group.

10. LITIGATION

     As at the Latest Practicable Date, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries were
engaged in any litigation or arbitration proceedings of material importance and no litigation or
claim of material importance was known to the Directors to be pending or threatened by or
against any member of the Group.

11.   DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY

     Copies of the following documents will be published on the websites of the Stock
Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company (ir.anta.com) from the date of this circular up
to and including 8 May 2026:

      (a)   the Share Purchase Agreement;

      (b)   the report on the unaudited pro forma financial information of the Group, the text of
            which is set out in Appendix IV to this circular; and

      (c)   the written consent referred to in the paragraph headed “Expert and Consent” in this
            appendix.

12. GENERAL

      (a)   The secretary of the Company is Mr. Tse Kin Chung. He holds a bachelor’s degree in
            accountancy from The Hong Kong Polytechnic University. He is also a member of the
            Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

      (b)   The English text of this circular shall prevail over the Chinese text.




                                                – V-8 –
